
"Get to work Brick, and turn that shit down.", Mrs. Porter said as she pushed a cart by Bricks office door, tossing a tied pile of letters onto Bricks desk.

"Get some implants.", Brick said, when she was too far to come back, and in a voice too quiet for her to reasonably hear.  

"Get some manners!!", Mrs. Porter shouted down the hall in response, as she rounded the corner on her route.

Brick turned back to his desk and commenced to rip open another letter with his letter opener.  He lowered his voice even further, and plugged in some headphones.  "Mean, old, crazy-hearing-slave-driver.", he said, as he put his headphones on.

Brick liked country music.  He couldn't understand why no one else did.

At the Carson City postal office, where automation was disallowed entirely, Brick ran into problems he didn't run into anywhere else.  At the coffee shop in town, for instance, he could blare music pretty much as loud as he wanted.  There wasn't a single person there without implants, and none of them spoke most days.  They had the coffee shop audio shut completely off, and could care less if someone blared country music.

But at the office, pretty much everyone still spoke to get everything across.  It was mostly old folks and people like him - poor kids who never quite got it together enough to get implants.  The one thing that bought them was a gauranteed job at a place that had banned automation and robotics.  And an easy job at that.

The post office was probably the last place on earth that really did "paperwork."  Letter writing was an eccentric hobby still practiced by a small percentage of the population, and although almost everything was handled by robots outside the post office proper, spying on these eccentric letter-writing folks was still a job for good-ol' unmodified humans, a commodity in short supply.

Brick finished reading the letter, another tall tale from Mrs. Jackson addressed to her grandson in Tokyo.  In a swift, well-practiced movement, he inked a stamp, stamped the envelope "Found Open and Officially Sealed by the United States Post Office", stuffed the letter back into the envelope, stapled it closed, and tossed it in the "out" box.

Brick was supposedly trained to find things computes couldn't.  Patterns in communications that represented a threat to the security of the country.  But he couldn't even recall his training.  Over the last few years he had been retrained.  He was now really, really good at spying on the post office.

He put his headphones on, turned on the low frequency transponder in his audio player, and checked in with the syndicate.
