"There are things in the process view of others that you cannot see in your process view - things you cannot imagine." - I made this up because it sounded like a good epigraph for this story and I *love* epigraphs - I think they are more indications of the story the author would like to write, rather than the story that evolved.

------

NOTE: should make this a hearfelt story - some real internal pain barrier can be breached between viewpoints on the universe.  that barrier should get breached.

Research TODO:

"A technologically mature "posthuman" civilization would have enormous computing power. Based on this empirical fact, the simulation argument shows that at least one of the following propositions is true:
The fraction of human-level civilizations that reach a posthuman stage is very close to zero;
The fraction of posthuman civilizations that are interested in running ancestor-simulations is very close to zero;
The fraction of all people with our kind of experiences that are living in a simulation is very close to one.
If (1) is true, then we will almost certainly go extinct before reaching posthumanity. If (2) is true, then there must be a strong convergence among the courses of advanced civilizations so that virtually none contains any relatively wealthy individuals who desire to run ancestor-simulations and are free to do so. If (3) is true, then we almost certainly live in a simulation. In the dark forest of our current ignorance, it seems sensible to apportion one’s credence roughly evenly between (1), (2), and (3).
Unless we are now living in a simulation, our descendants will almost certainly never run an ancestor-simulation

Start with a proof that we are in a H2G2 meme, using the precise logic of the simulation hypothesis  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_hypothesis

------------

It is not too hard to imagine that another form of life exists, one that uses physics beyond our universe.

If our entire universe is a simulation, with many things unknowable to, us, it's tiny thinking components, then I see no reason it cannot be intertwined with other processes.

Other processes, intertwined with ours, in other simulations, or in the reality of those that created the simulations, providing feedback.

There are reasons this would be so.  Making an with analogy to our simple existence - the one(s) who created the simulations did so for a reason.  They are affected by them.

If not in a very physical way (the simulations run inside the head of the creator), then in an experiential way, the goings on within the simulation may be utterly profound to the creator.  And the creator may in turn affect the simulations.

He changes us - we change him.  He is us - we are him.

-------------

"Physics is amenable to change at the whim of the author of the simulation, then."

"Yeah."

"Yeeeeah.  Not willing to talk through your god theories today."

Karen casually threw a hand in the air in exasperation.  "Pfft. Pussy."

"I'll talk about that cute guy you won't date.", Maggie smiled a mischevious smile.

"Which one?", Karen asked.

"The dan-smith-looking one in sales?!?"

Karen just shrugged and raised her palms in confusion.

"The one down the f-ing hall from you that you f-ing talk to me about every day??!?"

"Oh, that one.  Nope.  You'll talk about "The Simulation" with me.", Karen said, making finger quotes.

"Pfft."

"Don't pfft me.  You bet me you wouldn't swear the entire week..."

"Ugh."

"I believe *I* have the con."

---------

There are times when we do not have control over what happens to us.

What does it matter who we attribute the control to.  To fate, to god, to luck, nature, science?

It doesn't.  It only matters that we ask ourselves what we can best do here.  Feel free to ask what Steve Martin would do.  Or what Jesus or Chuck Norris or someone you respect and channel would do.

If you are lucky enough to feel meaning and purpose through your beliefs, to feel that you are limited but only because you are part of a larger whole, then you will come out ahead.

The rest of us will have to make do, and accept that although we have free will we are limited, and therefore we are not free to know how our lives are driven, nor are we always free to drive them.

-----

"So what if we aren't a simulation?"

"What if god is trying to figure something out, and the reason you can't figure it out is because you are supposed to be struggling with the same thing.  You are one of a million people that just might, maybe, evolve into a solution he's looking for."

"Pfft."

"There are a lot of possibilities out there.  We are little interacting equations. Maybe one of us will become the complex answer he's looking for."

"Pfft. Depressing."

------

"Some good music might pick you up."




 
