The Startup Mating Call - February 2014

In silicon valley coffee shops, where I have spent way too much of my time, a certain type of entrepreneur can be heard loudly conversing.  Constantly.  Regulars at these coffee shops, who are usually reading, enjoying a meal, or joking around, aren't quite sure what to make of them.  A lot of us have owned businesses.  We're positive we didn't sound like these people.  We hope.  

For lack of a better term, I'll call these loud people coffee-shop-entrepreneurs.  When you can parse the jargon, you can tell they are most-often making projections about what portion of which market they are going to conquer.  Almost as common as coffee-shop-entrepreneurs projecting their success, are coffee-shop-entrepreneurs loudly telling one another how they will build a "killer" team.  This sort of talk drives everyone crazy except, possibly, the coffee-shop-entrepreneurs.

On a recent Sunday, after forgetting my headphones and being exposed to these insipid phrases again and again, I decided to embrace the situation.  I would write down every "startup team talk" phrase that came to mind, in the form of a dialogue.  
 
Rather than run from the room, I sat closer to these strangely loud members of the entrepreneur family, and took notes.  The overall experience was quite cathartic.  I compared my notes with previous recollections, and, taking some creative license, compiled them together in the form of a dialogue.  I establish them here as an anthropological point of interest.  

I could literally see two particularly hapless, highly over-caffeinated young entrepreneurs gesticulating and yelling this dialogue in a silicon valley coffee shop as a misguided attempt at enthusiastic recruiting.  Add some color, and this might also make a decent punk song (low bar set!):

"We're looking for hot, young, hungry talent!"
"Startup A-players!  Startup A-players!"
"Just rock stars!  Rock stars only!"
"It's like cloud synergy 2.0!"
"Two! Point! Oh!  Two points of synergy!"
"Three point oh - Eyeballs equals Profit!"
"Equals Community Social Viral Metrics Application Oriented Disruption!"
"Just do it!"
"Do total Life Disruption to maximize Revenue!"
"That's the bottom line!"
"Agility!  Agile is the bottom line!"
"No! Facebook!"
"But you code like a disruptive agile virus!  Go viral! Be viral!"
"Social viral!  Be a social coder!"
"Yes!  Do it!  Do it!  Coding is life!  Get into that database!  It is so cool!"
"H!T!M!L! Five! Point! Oh! For! Revenue! That! Is! Creativity!"
"And revenue is fun for ladies, too!"
"Agile Metrics Ladies killing it!"
"Ladies can keep pushing through meaningless pain, too!"
"Pivot right through that glass ceiling - to revenue! - Forever!"
"Keep Pivoting Constantly! Like a circle!"
"Must! Do! dynamic-communications-configuration for the killer-app with our non-team-holocracy. Yeah!"
"We're putting Rock-Star A-players in our holocracy!"
"And you're a Rock-Star A-player Entrepreneur!"
"You're a virus!"
"A young hot hungry game-changer virus!"
"Like the A-players from top schools with a 4.0 GPA!"
"Venture capital is dead in the enterprise!"
"Agile metrics 10x'd on it!"
"No! Social media gurus pivoted on it!"
"We solve puzzles on it in our interviews!"
"Disruption is being disrupted!"
"Young hot disruptive talent is being disrupted!"
"Like a hot young hungry viral bottom line!"
"Get! In! Our! Private! Buuuuuuussss!"

For those of you not in a silicon valley coffee shop, all you have to do now is work for an hour under loud headphones, make a cup of coffee, give yourself a pained look in the mirror, and rip up five bucks.  You've just had the full Silicon Valley Coffee Shop Experience.
