
Tiny Home Workshop Oct 4  Jay Shafer, Sebastapol, CA

1.  Jay is legit.

* Dealing with building officials
Be overly polite
Never argue

* Composting
There are no compost services, but there should be
There are septic services
^The LooWatt is a pretty neat device

^TinyHouseBuild.com
Mostly awesome except some floor framing issues

* Codes:
RVs must be built for "seasonal" use.
Therefore build for winter season in Alaska.
Municipal ordinances might set some limits on the size of trailer you can have on your property (as low as 22')

* Sprawl:
Outgrowth of corporate structure - coporations allowed only profit motive - codes influenced by corporations (if not driven by them) - maximize consumption is the only interest - therefore maximize sprawl.

* Jay quotes:
"I guess when you become an adult you have to do this?" is follwed by depression in most kids.  Esp when prior to mortgage, giant house, long hours lifestyle preceeds question.
"Tiny homes are most needed where housing is most expensive - you can't get someone who can guy a mansion for 50K to buy a tiny home for the same price - even if his life would suck in the mansion."
"Pinch and release - it's all relative with space - I learned this on the toilet." (ref to having a tight space open into a large space to make the large space feel good.

* Rich quotes:
Primary gain from tiny home - AGENCY - it's about agency, stupid.
Side note on that quote: health is just a low level of agency - maslows hierarchy is measures only that and is summed up in one word.

* Roofing
Metal Roofs  - light, strong, great for collecting water.
Powder coated metal is the best.
You will want your roof in shade, and solar elsewhere, probably.

^TinyHouseCommunity.com
Tiny House Alliance - jay is part of this - no asshole rule

^Sustainable Economics Law Center
Training young lawyers to rewrite codes for sustainability

* Things a Tiny Home could be:

Under 120 Sq.ft. in most towns = additional structure - no permit
RV  - 13'6" tall by 8' wide - standard RV (trailers only go to 20' long)
Park-Style RV - 16' tall by 14' wide
Larger Thing on Wheels - Mobile Homes or standard homes

In most places you don't need a license to build your own RV, it's easy to register - size limits are the same as for trailers.

* Insulation
"Build it right and ventilate right" - means seal the ceilings, floors, walls, and then add fans, inlets, outlets, sensors as needed to ventilate.
Need a vapor barrier, one side only, on external surfaces.
ISO-Poly is good insulation - comes in boards
Steel Joists on Trailers - bad for insulation - avoid if you want to save energy on heating/cooling.
SIPS - very fast way to build walls - insulation with membrane on either side.
Roof: usually 35R
Floor: usually 20R+
Walls: 10R+
Bugs lover polystyrene.
Closed cell insulation boards (sealed on both sides) are a foolproof way to avoid condensation and mold in your walls.
Vapor Barrier - warm side
Cold side - tyvek sheathing (like gortex)

* Framing walls
Google "span chart"
Steel frames work and they are light, but they need to be super cautiously fastened - might come apart on the road.
2x4s do not all weigh the same - 300% difference in weight - you migth want the light ones if you are building on wheels.

* Rafters
2x4 is fine for your tiny home, no less than 24" apart

* Fasteners
Google "nailing schedule"

* Trailers
If you find a powder coated used trailer, that probably means it's a bad-ass trailer - no one powder coats cheap stuff.

* Plumbing
Pex - great flexible easy to work with stuff - use it - snaps together rather than soldering
Shark Bite - stainless crimp rings for crimping pipe together.  Nice tool.
Gravity fed showers work, but pressurized water is always super nice.  
Everyone should have a water bowl/pilar/whatever they call it, and rain barrels for roof capture.
Tankless water heaters are awesome and save space and energy.
All tiny house plumbing needs to be vented to the roof.

* Toilets:
An RV is allowed to use a composting toilet.
Composting bucket toilet is a standard.
One bucket for sawdust, one for poop, one for pee.
The most sustainable toilet is a composting toilet that separates poop and pee.
Side note: the best fertilizer for bamboot is one part pee to nine parts water.
^Check out the Humanure Handbook
Compost systems outside are usually a two-pile system - composting and composted.  Use the composted stuff ASAP.
^From neighbor in the audience - Google "bio-digester"
Incinerating toilets make no sense energy-wise and may not allow re-use of humanure.
Dangerous things in humanure is a legit concern - make sure they compost correctly and for the right amount of time and to the right temp or don't do it.
You can put a funnel in a bucket to funnel pee into another chamber.
A bucket is just plain reliable and easy.
Airhead makes a composting/separating toilet.

* Greywater:
^ Google "Brad Lancaster"

* Lunch notes

The jetstream, which used to have a smooth, predictable flow, has been disrupted by heat from the earth.  The heat rises directly from below, pushing the normally smooth jetstream into complete disarray.  That flow has already been disrupted and will get much, much worse.  Tornados are found at the fringes of the fast moving disruptions of the jetstream and other places.  Hawaii is no safe haven - people in the group from Hawaii report that a lot of the jungles are on fire and no one has any idea how to stop it, because they have never dealt with fires in human history in those places.  We have already seen the weather disruption pattern, and the only safe havens are the most mellow weather places on earth.  They will still be hot, but less crazy weather than other places.
 
* Windows

Keep windows off the north side.
Awnings are a good idea.  Retractable is nice.
Winter the sun is low and you cna design to get winter sun but not summer sun.  Still, better to measure before you cut.

* The village
Jay is building a tiny house village in sebastapol.
It's happening *now* 
He needs help. 
Seriously, get in touch with Jay and his crew and get invovled.
Village Gym - power some stuff with workouts
Village Shop - everything you need to work on your home
Looking for homeowners that want to buy into the common area.
Jay will make the interior homes and common area beautiful - ugly homes can be built further out.
Note: we are not about to solve human psychology and community business model issues in this workshop.

* Solar
Habor freight solar system can be had for sub 500 - a few panels - a couple costco lead acid golf cart batteries - keeps a nice fridge and your phone going for three days on one charge.
Start with your load and calculate it out.
If you don't have grid power  you will need a shitload of solar and probably a generator.
Better to have grid power and a separate system with separate grounds.

^"Garbage Warrior"  - earthship.org
^"Tiny" - documentary
^"Tiny house nation" - tv show

* Electrical
What works in a home or an RV might not work in your tiny home.
You have to account for movement like an RV
You have to account for the metal frame, and for any rubbing or movement that might occur.
Really safer ot have baseboard raceways - electrical and plumbing in separate raceway chambers, outside the walls.  Easy to repair - doesn't mess with structural or insulation - safer. Pex and romex in the baseboard - hidden away.
Panel wall heaters are cheap and do the trick.

^pinterest.com/jayshafer
^resourcefurniture.com
^tinyhousegear.com
^compactappliance.com
^"dickinson marine"
^minimotives.com
^"d williams - the big tiny"
^"simpson strong ties" - lots of connectors
^freecycle.org


