
[bob church drummer]

The music was carrying people away.  Elderly couples, once holding hands, were raising them to the sky and singing.  Even the non-believers were rocking side to side, bobbing heads, and loving it.  

Bob's head bobbed in sync with them, as he fired beats on drums and cymbals behind the band.  

Barely visible in the partial light behind the rest of the band.  His face was a mix of extreme effort, enjoyment, and focus.  Beads of sweat rolled down from between the hairs he had left, and flung themselves off his eyebrows, splattering on the high school gym floor, or less often a drum, or, extremely rarely, a drumstick on the upswing.

[lyrics peace]

Lynda, Dave, Paul, and Sheryl were in four part harmony up front.  They made the room vibrate with emotion.  Dave and Sheryl were strumming and picking along.  Tina, the violinist, was impeccably drawing powerful tones into the music.  Paul had brought his banjo that day, a real treat for the church, and was plucking out a fast accompaniment.  Daniel, standingat the mixer board in the back of the room, wearing headphones that looked too big for his skinny, tall countenance, slowly moved up and down as he mouthed the words to the music, and adjusted the levels of the players real-time.

The worship section was firing on all cylinders, and the church felt the music and the power as the special moment in time it was.  The high school gym was filled with song, masterful music, and feeling.

When the final song ended, Bob shared a satisfied nod with the music director, cleaned the sweat from his head, and began packing up.

[packing up and the girl]

[back at home next day - trimming eyebrows - brushing teeth]

Bob examined his eyebrows in the bathroom mirror.  He had always felt they had an unusual bushy nature.  When his mom was still alive, she would tease him about them before she trimmed them for him.  The thought occurred to him that it would be nice if the hair on the back of his head grew so quickly.  Nothing grew as quickly as his eyebrows, he thought.  He wondered if it was irony that god put mens bald spots on the back of their heads, in the precise spot where they were least likely to see them.  So many men, Bob included, walked the earth oblivious of their bald spot for decades before it was pointed out to them.  He wondered if he knew the definition of irony.  In any case, his eyebrows were due for a trim.  There were several hairs an inch or more longer than the others.

[russian comes to the door]

Todd the call center guy

[sleeps under a pile of newspapers in his closet and overhears the russian guy trying to kill him]

