
In a world...
Where everything was pretty o.k.,
But the other kids were not fair...
And I didn't always get what I wanted...
And my sister sometimes made me angry...
And my parents sometimes did, too!,
"They aren't fair!", I would say.

---

One day, my crazy uncle Larry came to our house.

I asked him, "How can I make everyone fair to me?"

He answered, "When I was your age, I used nunchuks to make people fair to me."

"Nunchucks?", I asked.

"Yeah.", he said.  Then he showed me a video of what nunchucks were like.

"Nunchucks are awesome!", I said.

"Yeah.  But the ones I had were not just any nunchucks, but The Nunchucks of Justice!  They made everyone play fair with me.  My mom found 'em for me.

They made the other kids behave like, Pow!

And my sister nicer like, Bam!

And my parents, too, like, Boom!"

"Where can I find them!, I asked.  Where are The Nunchucks of Justice!?!?", I asked.

Just then, uncle Larry's girlfriend drove up. 

"Gotta go!", uncle larry said, hopping in the car.

"Wait!  Uncle Larry!  Where can I find the nunchucks of Justice!?!", I asked.

"Ask your mom!", he shouted, as they drove off.

So I asked my mom, "Mom, can I have the Nunchucks of Justice?"

She looked at me.

"Well, there is only one pair of them in the world.  All the other nunchucks don't work...but...sure!  All you have to do is pass the tests.", she said.

"What tests?", I asked.

"The tests of Justice, of course!  Only a just boy can hold the Nunchucks of Justice!  And, if you pass the tests, you will have super-powers!", she said.

"I WILL PASS ALL THE TESTS!", I said.

"O.k. the first test is to be good for a whole week.", she said.

"Is this a trick?", I asked.

"No!  This will give you the discipline superpower.  That's the first superpower that you need to get the Nunchucks of Justice.", she said.  She showed me a picture of The Nunchucks of Justice.

"O.k.!  I'll do it!", I said.

"It's going to be hard.", mom said.

"I can do it!", I said.

"O.k!"

It was hard to be good for a whole week.  I didn't pass the first week.  But every time I wanted to be bad, I thought about how the Nunchucks of Justice were worth more to me than being bad.  

Eventually, weeks later, I passed the test.  I had been good for a whole week.

"You now have the self-discipline superpower!", mom said.  She gave me a big hug.  "Don't lose it!  All the other superpowers depend on keeping it."

"What's self-discipline?", I asked.

"Self-discipline is what helps you stay calm when things don't go your way, and it helps you do things that take a long time to do."

"That sounds useful.", I said.

"Your next test is the exercise test.  You have to exercise every day, for an hour each day, for a week!"

The exercise test was even harder than the discipline test.  I gave up after five minutes the first day.  I couldn't exercise that long.  After trying many times, I was finally able to exercise for a whole hour.  Then after trying even more times, I was able to exercise for an hour seven days in a row!

Mom gave me another big hug, even bigger than the last one.

"You now have the exercise superpower!", she said, "You can stay strong forever if you keep it up!"

This was starting to be really fun.

"What's the next test, mom?!?", I asked.

"The eating superpower test!  If you can eat your veggies *first*, at every meal, for a week, then you will have the eating superpower, and you will never be upset by veggies again!"

This was even harder than the exercise test.  I had to eat my vegetables BEFORE eating other food at every meal.  It took weeks to master it, but when I had mastered the eating superpower, eating could never bother me again!  I was becoming truly super!  Haha!!  

"Good job, son!", mom said.

"What's next, mom!  What's next!"

"Well, the next one is a hard one.", she said, "You have to learn to control your sleep."

"Why?"

Well, you can't be a super-hero if you can't get up in the morning!  If you can get to sleep every day at the same time, then you will feel great in the morning, like a superhero, every day!"

Super-sleeping was the hardest super-power ever, but I was going to master it.  At first, I couldn't sleep at the same time every night.  Weeks went by.  I kept wanting to stay up.  But then, I remembered my other superpowers":

Super-discipline!
Super-exercise!
Super-eating!

I was good all day, I ate my veggies first at every meal, and I exercised every day for an hour...and then - after a few days - I could sleep at the same time every night!  I discovered that all superpowers work better together!

I went to bed at the same time every night for a whole week. 

"You have super-sleep power!", mom said, "I'm so proud of you!  You now have all the four fundamental super powers.  As long as you have them, you can get any other super power that is real!"

"How about super-strength?  Can I get that?", I asked.

"Yup!", mom said.

"Super Karate?", I asked.

"Sure!"

"Super money-saving?"

"No problem!"

"Super Speed?"

"Can do!"

"Super smarts?"

"Absolutely!"

"Super Invisibility?"

"That's not real, silly", mom said, and tickled me.  "Maybe it will be real by the time you grow up, though."

"How about super-soccer!, super-swimming!, super-climbing, super-speed-reading, super-escaping, super-biking!?!"

"You can have all of those!", mom said, "Each one takes a long time to get, but they're worth it!", mom said, "Lets make a list of super powers you want to learn, then we'll get each one of them, one at a time!"

"Yeah!", I said, "Wait...what's a list?"

"A list is a bunch of things that you write down.", mom said.

"Why do you write them down?", I asked.

"Because it helps you to remember them."

"Oh, So you will help me write down all the super powers?"

"Yes."

"And then we won't forget them, and I can learn them?"

"That's right."

"That's great!  I wish I knew about super power lists a long time ago!", I said.

My mom helped me write down the super powers that I wanted to learn.  The list was exciting.  

[the list check boxes up front of each] 

 Fundamental Super Powers

X Super-discipline
X Super-exercise
X Super-eating
X Super-sleep

 Advanced Super Powers

Super-karate
Super-strength
Super-speed
Super-biking
Super-soccer
Super-magic-tricks
Super-climbing
Super-jumping
Super-swimming

Every day, my mom helped me work on my super powers.  I felt more super all the time.  We kept at it for years and years, until one day, when I was fully grown and it was time for me to go to college, my mom said, 

"You have become truly super, son.  You have also shown that you are boy who understands justice.  I know that you would never hurt anyone with these.  I now give you...The Nunchucks of Justice!!"

I held the Nunchucks of Justice to the sky, and said, "Yaaaayyyyyy!!!  Yippeeee!!!!  WoohoOOOooo!!!!"

Then I thought about all that mom had done for me.

"You know mom, I already have a lot of super powers, maybe we should give the Nunchucks of Justice to another mom who has a little boy.  I don't need nunchucks.  I just want you."

"That's a great idea.  I don't need nunchucks, either, son.  I just want you, too."

The End. 








