
New idea: Surendra is the third person on the maintenance team.  He's fully implanted.  Born in india - brough over during a recruiting effort - under contract full time - the I&I guy - doesn't talk - knows everything.  Chooses not to stop Arlington.  He later gets an early version of the video that's happening.  A few silent tears later, he joins Arlington in arlingtons battle against the tanks with an aircraft, dropping down at the right time, and helps lead the team that tries to save janet.

New idea: It's a rare call-up.  Boring one.  They are told they are clearing everything out and moving to the Bug underground MotorPool2.  The new guy has to go with them. Arlington is setting scruffy up in the rafters.  Has an automatic feeder and a pallet of food for him.

Was: scene 10) Arlington at bar after drill weekend with buddies (explains how motor pools work, good military ridiculousness and fart jokes background) (drillweekend.txt)

Notes:

* "one of gods prototypes, never intended for mass production, too strange to live, too rare to die."

* Guy with implants has to have his implants put in by govt regulators.  They will remove and replace if he wants to re-up.

* someone got paint on him.  he was issued one can.  then he saw the crate online.  it said "do not breath or bring in contact with skin. nervous system damage and possible death."
"that doesn't sound too bad."

* 

-----------

Arlingtons solution to cat care was to have a truck with a sleeper cab pick him up from the airbase to carry him to duty, rather than the usual sedan.  Into said sleeper cab, Arlington installed his personal gear, nearly a pallet of cat food, scruffys bed, and scruffy himself.

Aside from that brainstorm, the scuttlebut was that this was just another maintenance callup at the Airbase, which promised to be about as interesting as watching paint dry if not for one thing.  This  new recruit, private Thomas, was as innocent as Larry said he was.

Arlington had tucked scruffy into bed in the back of a truck, along with a pallet of food he had delivered to the base.

After formation, Seargent Larry Simmons built private Thomas up with the import of the weeks "mission".  Then, after a quick tour of the lab, Larry sent Thomas in to see Arlington.

"You're late!", Arlington barked.
Private Thomas looked too confused to respond, but Arlington saw some fear in his eyes as well.  Good.
"O.k. Private.  This is a rush job.",  Arlington said, "I need you to get something from gunny Cabral."  Gunnery Seargent Cabrillo was a surly fellow, and Arlington liked to reinforce that by spreading the mispronunciation of his name.
"Yessir."
"That auto that arrived is Gunny Cabral's truck package.  Got that?  It belongs to him.  But we need it for the weekend.  It's a new truck package he normally has parked behind the unit secretary's vehicle.  It's a large and important truck package.  We're going to need it to meet our goals this weekend, so get the details right and don't mess this up."

Private Thomas aimed to please, and Arlington had his full attention.  Thomas typed summary notes as his HUDs recorded the video of the conversation.

"You need clearance to even touch this assignment, and I'm about to give you clearance.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Staff Seargent!"
"Alright, I don't have much time, so I am only going to say this once, you are going to take notes, and when I'm done talking, you run over there, got it?"
"Affirmative, Staff Seargent."  Private Thomas's eyes were glued to Arlingtons, his fingers poised, his demeanor that of a man about to hear how to defuse a bomb.  

Arlington rattled off the commands as fast as he could speak them, "This is the authorization code: If gunny Cabral asks who you are, for the purposes of this mission, you are India Delta Ten Tango, and Gunny Cabral is Papa Uniform Fifty Five Yankee.  Got that?  O.k. moving on.  You are going to get his package and park it in the following space that I have now assigned to you - Hotel Zero Lima.  And our unit will be the "Raiders" this weekend.  Gunny needs to know that for the exercise so he can be prepared.  For the purposes of this weekends exercise, our unit is to win, and our unit call sign is Lima Thirty Three Tango.  That's important!  The gunny must get the following message: We are the Raiders, who are Lima Thirty Three Tango, and we win this weekend.  Got it!"

Thomas stared at his notes.  He wasn't sure, but he had the video.  "Y...", he got out.
"Good!  Remember, your call sign is India Delta Ten Tango, the Raiders are Lima Thirty Three Tango, you need to get his package, and park it in...which spot...?"  
"Hotel Zero Lima, sir!"
"Good!  Go, Private!  Just dump the info to Cabral, and move that package!  Then get back here.  We don't have much time!"
"Y...Yes, Staff Seargent!", Private Thomas said, full of enthusiasm, and ran from the room.

Private Thomas jogged the entire two hundred meters to the base commanders office and down the hallway to his door.  He knocked on Gunny Cabrillos open door, standing at atttention.

Most people described gunny Cabral as hard-working, and surly.  Formerly a Recon marine, he once commanded Arlingtons brother, Paul, and had taken this position after losing his leg, rather than become a cyborg.  From the waist up, he still looked like someone you would not want to meet on the battlefield.  His office was laid out in what might described as old-Corps-meets-49ers-fan.

"Sir!", Thomas said, 
"Don't call me Sir, private!  I work for a living! Get in here!"
"Yes, Sir!", Private Thomas said, snapping to attention in front of  Gunny Cabrillos desk.  
"Shut the fuck up!  Now what are you here for!"
Private Thomas computed.
"Speak!", Gunny Cabrillo barked, while getting back to the work he was doing before the private arrived.
"Gunny Cabral!" Private Thomas said, pulling his notes front and center on his HUDs. "I'm here to take the large package, your large package, and re-park it!  I also have an urgent message from Staff Seargent Arlington, Gunny!"

Gunny Cabrillo looked up briefly, and grabbed an old pen and pad from the holders on his desk.  He looked angry.  "What are you talking about!  What the hell is Arlington up to?  Did he authorize you to come here?  Speak!"

Private Thomas realized that he needed the authorization to discuss this matter, and skipped ahead.

"Sir, I am an India Delta Ten Tango.  You are Papa Uniform Fifty Five Yankee!"

Gunny Cabrillo was writing.  Thomas continued, beads of sweat forming on his forehead.  

"I am therefore requesting that I take your package, the one you normally park behind the secretary, sir!  And park it in my spot, sir!"

Gunny Cabrillo looked up and barked, "Which spot?  What are you talking about?"

"Sir, I would like to park it in my spot, sir!  Hotel Zero Lima Three!"

"I see." Gunny Cabrillo said, and gave Thomas an unnerving look, his face reddening as if about to explode, his breathing measured.

Thomas began to flush in the knowledge that something beyond his understanding was not going well, and it was probably because of something he had said.  Seeing no options, however, the private barreled forward.

"And this weekend, Staff Seargent Arlington wanted you to know, sir, that we are the Raiders!  The Raiders will win, sir!  And the Raiders are Lima Thirty Three Tango, Sir!", Thomas punctuated each statement with exclamation, hoping that perhaps a lack of conviction in his voice was the issue.

Gunny Cabrillo continued writing for a moment.

Thomas was breathing heavily, as the massive countenance of Gunnery Seargent Cabrillo stood from his desk to his full six foot six height, his mechanical legs made a menacing hum.

Gunny Cabrillo kept Thomases eyes locked in a deadly stare as he slowly raised the paper he had been writing on to within a foot of Thomases face, showing him the meeting notes he had printed there.

Private ID10T, who does not know my name, is addressing me as PU55Y.
He is here to take my large package, the one I park behind my secretary.
He wants to take my package and put it in his H0L3.  
Private also relays:  We are the Raiders.  The Raiders are L33T.  The Raiders will win this weekend.

Private Thomas's eyes went wide and then focused on the 49ers memorabilia on the wall behind the staff seargent, then finally dropped in despair to the nameplate on his desk, which simply said, "Cabrillo".

"So.", Gunnery Seargent Cabrillo began...

------

After sending private Thomas to his doom, Arlington and Larry threw some popcorn in the microwave and put Thomas's HUD video and audio on the little diagnostics screen in the lab.  

The diagnostic screen was elevated off a cluttered workbench on robotic repair arm at perfect eye-level for someone who was leaning back in the spring-backed work stools and had kicked their feet up on broken robot arms, which they both had done.  They took bets on what Gunny Cabrillo might say, and threw popcorn into their mouths as when they weren't laughing.  

Gunny Cabrillo was ruthlessly skilled in the art of the verbal ass-chewing, and he did not disappoint; he laid in with a stream of invective and vitriol worthy of his dual heritage as a drill instructor and fleet marine.

Arlington and Bob laughed so hard they couldn't eat popcorn, and nearly fell from their stools.

As soon as Thomas left the room, Both Larry and Arlingtons implants buzzed.  They pulled HUDs out of their pockets to take a look.

"[fun's over.  we're moving the entire inventory to Bug Underground tonight.  Formation will be called in 15 minutes.  After formation, you have three hours to clean and inventory the shop.  Get to work."

Arlington and Larrys jaws dropped.  Bug underground was Klamath Air Base motor pool south, or building E075.  Moving the gear once it was packed normally took two hours.  That left one hour to clean and inventory everything.

Their wrists buzzed again. They looked down.  "I am not joking.  Get it done."

They got to work.

-------





