
**** Battle synopsis 

Janet is going to make it seem like enemy drones and mechs are attacking an AA mech right as the force approaches the school.  Arlington will create a further distraction for the heavy "tank" mech and new "patriot" mechs that are moving in to the area.  Bruce will get the kids and Veronica out of there.  Janet will program and control the air drones that occupied the motor pool?  Maybe to support bruce?  Maybe bruce leaves some hot objects on the other side of the hill to attract fire?

Bruce hangs out with Arlington for a little while, and fixes up his truck, just adds some armor while they talk.  Meanwhile, Janet has commandeered all three of their personalities, communications equipment, as well as most of the gear in the motor pool.

The next morning, Janet gets her intel and points out that (maybe: they can get to one of their grandkids, and get him to safety), but the other is to be eliminated, the schoolteacher.  She's got a red tag, which means they shoot on sight rather than take her in.  A significant force is headed through Klamath on a sweep of southern Oregon to pick up all the "terrorists", on it's way now from Portland.  A large armored mech unit, a dozen groundmechs, a heavy tank, a couple new "patriot" flying mechs, and field repair and refueling units.  That is just the "elmination" force.  They are supported by the Klamath Air Force unit, which is a dozen jets, thousands of drones, and a dozen anti-air mechs.

Janet will take control of the anti-air units in klamath and keep the rest of the air units busy.  Bruce will take out the ground mechs.  Arlington is a distraction for the tanks - just slow them down.  Whoever survives is to make sure the schoolteacher gets to safety.  Here's a good question - where would a safe place be if the government was coming for you?  The ultimate puzzle of the book.  How do you save someone destined for the camps in the future?  Answer, you don't, unless you know someone.  See plot notes.

**** The mechs

They are anti-mech and anti-personelle mechs, which is the most common type (like a light infantry tank).  They are all about the medium range (1-10kilometer) armor-piercing machine gun.  They also have an automatic grenade launcher with a variety of rounds, one hand with opposible thumb, and an another with an ultrasteel multipurpose tool.  They have decent armor, decent optics, good anti-air, a half-dozen flying drones each.

**** Goodbyes synopsis

Arlington could see Bruce and Janet exchanging glances at each others outfits that said "What the fuck am I doing in this uncomfortable-tight-ass monkey suit again?" and he understood why.  
"The extraskin will stretch as your body heats it.  It will move with you, and perform more like athletic tape along the lines of your ligaments.  It will get comfortable."
Bruce and Janet both gave Arlington a look that said, "You're kidding, right?  You got us into this crap because you think we need athletic tape? "
"I'm serious.  It's going to help a lot if you get hit...I mean...it doses you to compensate for the situation...and no side effects."

Arlington was in one of the few units that was supposed to ever venture into the field - why would you put a human out in the field unless you had not other way to repair a bot? - so he had to wear this stuff every weekend to get used to it.  It was composed of several layers, the exact composition of each was a military secret, but rumor had it that if the center layer of the extraskin mixed with blood, you would feel no pain, lots of adrenaline, and every bacteria or virus science knew how to kill would bite the dust.  Lots of blood coming out of a limb and the extraskin tighened around that area like a tourniquet.  Then again, they also said it made you impotent and occasionally took off your dick if you did get a hard on.
Arlington eyed them for a moment then said, "I mean, you guys probably have nothing to worry about.  Anyway, don't take it off."

Arlington forces Bruce to take a pistol, which bruce says he won't use.

Arlington then says a simple goodbye first, maybe quoting a clint eastwood line.  Janet, who remembers everything, remembers him in that moment from the senior center, what he was reading, and gives him a quote about a good man.

Then bruce and Janet see their daughter.  Bruce can't get out of the suit.  But he sits cross legged with her and gets a hug.  Gives her the gun.

When Bruce and Janet go into battle, Bruce has his tai-chi-mech-suit, and janet her big telecommunications weapon that she can barely lift, whatever it is. They see each other one last time.  They had just been able to pay one of their grandkids a visit.

"I love you, Bruce." Janet says with tears in her eyes.
"I love you, Janet." Bruce says, but he sees her breaking down.  He thinks for a bit.  "Nameofgrandkid is going to be a bright one.  We have always been his favorite old people."  Another pause.  "His grandkids will know how much we loved him, won't they."
Janet looks at Bruce.  Tilted her head as if studying him.  Smiles one last time.  Then gets that thousand yard stare and a blank face.   "Yes.  They will."  and turns to head in the opposite direction.
Bruce smiles in her direction and watches her for a few steps, then walks off in his direction.

****
[ Arlington has to guide the truck, because automation is not written to seek and destroy, just to get from place to place. No government vehicle would ever target another anyway.]

He saw them as he rounded the bend.  A heavy tank and two Patriot walker-flyer support mechs.  A deadly heavy-support team.

Arlington gunned it.  The truck responded with an ungodly roar.  In his past experience, with both the elecrtic and diesel engines fully engaged, it took minutes to reach 60mph.  This...was much faster.  The truck would be approaching the tank at considerably higher velocity than he had earlier planned, which meant that he would have to exit earlier.  Once the truck exceeded the posted speed limit, it would be told to slow down.  With no communications systems and only the barest automation, it would attract attention by it's lack of a response.  The operators controlling those mechs would surely try to take control of the truck at that point.  And once it went off the road, it would be targeted, fired upon, and destroyed.  Arlington guessed he would be fired upon in...oh...30 seconds or so.  He would exceed the speed limit in seconds.
  
Using the aincient video game control Bruce had given him, he entered the control sequence to put the truck in "standalone autopilot", then unplugged the controller and put it in the glove.  He stared out at the mechs and tanks, then out the driver-side door at the ground passing by.  Even though he had the exoskeleton Bruce had provided him, and he had wrapped his body with skin-tape on top of his extraskin, it didn't seem like he could survive hopping out the side of a truck at this speed.  His adrenaline shot through the roof.

The truck was bouncing fiercely as it went off the road at 90 mph.  It felt like it would roll any second.  He had staged everything he needed on the seat beside him.  He was sweating and shaking a little with the adrenaline when he put his backpack, helmet, and gloves on.  Fumbling in his hurry.  "Damn!" this was taking too long.   

A last look out the windshield.  The tanks chain gun and the cameras on the mechs were all aimed directly at the truck now.  

He opened the rear cab maintenance hatch as the truck hit a dip in the field.  He was slammed against the top of the cab and dropped.  His face was badly cut by the swinging hatch on his way back down.  The cab was filled with the roar of the engines and blasting cold air.  He squeezed into the space between the cab and the first drive module.  "Fuck!"  He forgot the canvas bag he had brought to cover his head.  He looked back.  It wasn't on the seat.  It was probably under the seat.  He wouldn't be making it out of this alive if a camera caught his face.  "Fuck it." He said.  "I won't be making it out of this alive anyway.", he thought.  He jumped.

**

Arlingtons right leg broke as soon as he hit the muddy, slippery grass, and his right knee was not in good shape at all.  He was crushed into a ball and rolled uncontrollably at high speed for a good 20-30 meters.  Time seemed to slow to a crawl.  He was completely at the mercy of physics.  He saw the ground approach, then the side of the fuel tank.  He couldn't hear anything.  He bounced off his backpack, felt pain in his spine.  The tank cannon was firing.  The ground.  He caught a glimpse of a horizontal pillar of flame, saw the truck 100 meters in front of him.  Something the size of his torso whizzed overhead an inch from his face.  The sky.  He continued to roll.

(might want to look into dragster tech, Bruce would surely modify the truck given a weekend.)

The pillar of fire was a volley of easily 1000 50 calibre chaingun rounds that destroyed the cabin of the truck, and the first electric motor, giving the truck a distinct wobble, but failing to significantly impede it's now insanely fast forward progress.  The added armor and solid wheels up front had held up well to both bullets and schrapnel.  

Nearly two seconds went by after the first volley, as the truck continued to roar towards the heavy tank.  The operators of those mechs might be having second thoughts about firing on a truck full of fuel a couple hundred meters away and headed at them at high speed - maybe a little conflict between the chain of command and the automation.  Maybe they saw some of the dozen or so large, conspicuous, contact igniters Bruce had mounted in the sides of the tank before it was filled 3/4 full.  Then, obviously having come to a decision, the two patriot mechs fired their thrusters full blast and lifted off.  A tank operator somewhere must be cursing them.  The heavy tank began to make a hard right turn in place - at the same time it's turret spun left.  The truck was making a tremendous roar now, crushing some bits of itself beneath it that had fallen off, it's remaining engines damaged and operating way out of spec.

Arlington finally came to an uncerimonious stop face down in the pouring rain, in a small depression 50 meters from the tank.  The earth was shaking, he heard a roar, he was wet, his legs were not right.  He waited for the mechs above to fire on him.  His helmet was gone.  One arm lay unnaturally twisted.  The other hand laboriously and uselessly moved to cover his head as he sank face-first into the muck.  He could still hear, but the world had gone black.

( okay, need to research truck accidents a little more )

The beam cannon on the tank was a phase array type.  It expanded like a flower with thousands of metal petals from the tank, and hundreds of small fliers around the turret joined in, each with a single laser, either aimed directly at the target or at an optical concentrator at the tip of the cannon.  The sky lit up as it fired into the first truck engine.  The beam made a tremendous sizzling sound that burnt the air and everything in it's path.  Strangely, Arlington could feel no pain at this point.  He heard the beam, but none of his other senses fired.  He became calmly analytical.   He felt pity for the tank operator, who should have been able to stop the truck remotely.  

The tank operator had done everything right.  Even if he couldn't stop the truck, the first volley should have killed the operator, destroyed the front tires, and jacknifed the truck a safe distance away.  The beam cannon should have melted the cab and the first two engines into slag, plowing the truck into the ground.  In fact, it had, but the linkage between the last engine module and the fuel tank had been filed down by Bruce and the maintenance arm.  It would hold only when dragging the tank.  When the tank was pushed toward the front of the truck with force, it broke a filed-down support link on the trailer hithc.  It then slid up a carefully grinded and hitch hook, embedding the tank hitch into the right side of the engine directly ahead.  When the first two molten engines dug straight into the ground, the tank had no choice but to jacknife to the left like a thrown grenade.  Bruce, having lopped off everything that tied the tank to the bed except for two tie downs, had also carefully expanded the tie down eyelets, leaving nothing at all holding the tank to the bed when experiencing strong leftward momentum.

The ensuing explosion lit arlingtons hair on fire and burned his clothes, not that he noticed.  It made an impressive mushroom cloud and shock wave.

Enough damage was done to the tank that further control was impossible.  The cameras and control systems on the patriot mechs were thrown a bit out of whack as well, and were reduced to "instrument flying" only.  

Arlington, smouldering, unconscious, and carbon black, was arrayed amongst other truck parts that the rain was doing it's best to put fires out on, dreaming. 

**** Notes

Maybe I should have arlington taken in for investigation at this point.  actually, I'm pretty sure I should.

****


****

Janet executes the interference protocols and shuts down a lot of conventional air, controls the anti-air mechs and takes out patriots.  She is working with an AA mech and her communications rig and Her legs are pinned and her hip and foot give out.  Two patriots have their engines knocked out but reassemble as anti-personell walkers.

This assumes I have already explained the "bucket of parts" nature of the mechs, and how that works to some extent.

I think she also must no bruce and arlington are out of comm.

****

Janet was crying now, her [rigid determination word] replaced by despair, her calculation by [paniced thrashing word]held the pistol as if she was going to punch her attackers with it, and punched the air as she let off each shot, screaming "evil! evil! evil! evil!" as the bursts rang out.  Several of the shots hit home, and the two walkers appeared to shatter and stumble as parts blew off, then fall to the ground almost at her feet.  The kick from the fourth shot pushed her right arm back and up, and she almost fell back to the ground, but caught herself.  The mechs appeared to be struggling to lift themselves up, but too little of their "upper bodies" remained.  Janet droppede the pistol in the mud by her side, tried to reach the console on her left.  It had gone black, and shifted just out of reach. She pushed at the ground again, but her right shoulder dislocated.  She stopped moving entirely and just tried to deal with the pain.

She had been hit by shrapnel flying from one of the walkers.  Whatever drugs the extraskin was pumping into her, it wasn't enough.  She almost blacked out.  

While she struggled to reach the console, the damaged mechs slumped together, and with a shudder, flattened into connected layers of parts, snapping and crackling as parts failed to reassemble.  

She broke down completely in tears and reached her good left hand to her eyes to hold her head.  "Oh, Bruce!", she said, her pain, fear and anger subsumed by sadness.  She closed her eyes to cry.

Janet barely noticed the itching sensation on her sides and head, until it was right above her eyes.  Her left hand was pushed away and poked by something sharp, then her eyelids pried open, forced to stare into the eyes of a demon.

The mechs had released micro spiders, two-inch-wide miniature walkers that were extremely fleet, several of which had legs embeded in her scalp, and were pulling her eyelids back with needle-pointed claws, trying not to scratch her eyes out.  With free legs they were wiping blood, sweat, and mud away from her brow that might threaten her vision.

Their engine units destroyed, the mechs had quickly brought all available actuators into service to reconfigure what remained into a single, frighteningly large, mech.  It was a distorted, mantis-like walker.  It towered above Janet with five operational legs, two arms terminating in three-fingered manipulators - claws.  The "fingers" were constructed from extremely sharp-looking parts, probably formerly part of wings.  Five multifaceted lense arrays formed black "eyes" protruding from a headless black neck, and were arranged at Janets eye level in an uneven pattern, scanning her like some soulless arachnid from hell.

"W-wh-who are you!?", she said.  The beast simply responded by reaching forward with one claw.  It steadied Janet by holding her head securely from behind.  But its painful grasp served to further disturb her fragile mental state.
"What are you!?"
No response.  Seconds passed.  Janet was unable to cry and could barely process the fear and pain.  She began to move, slowly, laboriously, without thinking or caring, a wiggle of her right shoulder and it popped back into the socket.  Her left and right hands both slowly coming up to weakly grasp the neck of the beast.
A hissing, spitting, distorted, deep male voice that Janet did not immediately recognize came forth, "You are a useful one, aren't you?"
Her hands just tightened, as if she could crush the life from it.
"We will let your daughter live.  You will assume a new position, for a new employer."
Her hands released from it's neck and slumped to her sides.  The micro spiders released her eyelids.  She shut her eyes and slowly raised both shaky hands to her face.  With barely the energy remaining to speak, she said, "Wh-what?...Bruce."
"You will continue to perform quality assurance for the Archon."
"Nh...I want to be with Bruce.", she said, and began to pass out.
"That can be arranged." the voice replied, and the mech slowly lowered Janet to the ground, unconscious.
