Oct 26
******
2

13) janet and bruce have an award named after them at janets retirement.  it would become the most prestigious award in their division of the state. some bullshit reason about janet preventing darknets is given (she rolls her eyes) and bruce's award has something to do with the projects he hated the most, big iron tanks.  but they laugh about it and hug in the auto-auto all the way home.


14) Bruce asks Janet about her conference.  She can't talk about it.  All she can say is she was called in to consult on flaws in the cellular and mesh networks, because she filed the most bugs in history, evidently.  How bad is it?  Bruce asks.   She just looks down and shakes her head.  Bruces jaw drops.  He gives her a hug.  This is when he agrees to retire.
******

Bruce walked at a pace most ran.  He flew down the sterile, brightly lit hallway of the administrative wing to the cafeteria.  Not a soul was in sight during his walk, only a few bots pulling security, janitorial, or delivery duty.  The bots came to attention as Bruce passed by, a form of salute that Brian had programmed into them.  Bruce hated that.  

Janet had admonished Bruce not to be late, but it was Bruce's last day, and he had been scrambling to get documentation done for his team.  In the end he was simply dumping raw data into reports, with a brief summary of each section.  He could only justify attending the awards ceremony because he was to be retained by the labs as a consultant indefinitely.  He would have to finish those reports next week.

He rounded the corner and pushed open the double doors into the cafeteria and his HUDs lit up the darkened room with tactical data, highlighting the party decorations as unknown objects in white, and putting a pulsing green circle over Janets head.  She was sitting at a round table toward the front of the room.  Bruce was slightly taken aback by the attendance - it looked to him that all two hundred of the cafeteria tables were filled with attendees.  He deftly weaved his way to his seat next to Janet, who shot him a glare for being late.  He returned the glare with his look of feigned surprise as usual.  Janet just shook her head and took his arm and hugged it.  Bob was on stage, and he was really rolling with another one of his speeches, something he was very good at.

"...and I'm very proud to announce that, this year, the lab has created a new award for outstanding lifetime contribution to the labs.  I'm presenting this to two people today, the inaugural recipients.  Two people who have given unfailingly over their entire careers.  Two people who have had not only outstanding technical achievements, but a singularly outstanding track record of productivity and leadership in their departments.  Two people whom everyone at the lab agrees, that without their consistent leadership and often heroic efforts, this lab, this industry, and the defense industry in this country, would not be where it is today.  Without Janets work on penetration testing of [purloined] darknets, and Bruce's work in developing the Astable walker and the T92, those projects would never have made it out of the lab.  No one here will disagree with that.  And no one doubts that those were the deciding technologies in [date of war] and [date of other war].  And that's what this award is for - not just excellence - but an amazing career of excellence.  An outstanding contribution to our workplace, our industry, and our country.  I don't expect to present this award again during my career, and I don't expect we can thank these two enough for their service.  But, Bruce and Janet Li..."

Bob had to stop as cheer erupted throughout the room, loud enough to drown out anything he might say.  Bob raised his hand, cleared his throat, and waited a moment for the clapping to subside to a low roar.
 
"Bruce and Janet Li..."

Again the cheers rose.  The room rose to its feet.  Bob, realizing the futility of waiting this out, simply flicked his fingers and increased the PA volume.

"Bruce and Janet Li!  It is my honor to present to you the Li Trophy!", Bob raised his arm to becon Bruce and Janet to the stage.

Bruce and Janet sat, stunned, as the room erupted in even louder cheers around them.  Janet hugged Bruces arm tighter, and stared at him in confusion.  Bruce just looked at her and shrugged.  Neither of them had seen this coming.  

The crowd didn't stop cheering, and Bob didn't stop exhorting them to come on stage, so they eventually made their way on stage, arm in arm, and fumbled their way through an acceptance speech.  They had neither the savvy speaking voice, nor control of the PA volume Bob had.  Their acceptance speech consisted of quietly incoherent expressions of thanks, but the throngs of their colleagues didn't seem to care.  The cheering didn't stop until returned to their seats in a daze.  Hundreds of pats on the back and handshakes later, they were in an auto limo that the company had rented to take them home, instead of their usual economy transportation, laughing about it.





