
Donny smashed through Bobs door to find Bob standing in front of his desk, hands in the air, looking a bit bored.  Donny covered the ground to Bob in a fraction of a second, grabbed him by his suit lapels, and slammed him against the office wall.

Bullets had passed through all of Donnys speakers, so it took him a second to find a suitable material on his body to vibrate in the audio spectrum.  The resulting voice was metallic, but clear.

"Robert Rifleman, you are in violation of US law, and you are now in my custody.  State the passphrase to todays Patriot communciations algorithm for Pacific Time, quickly.", Donny said.

Bob looked down with curiosity at the chrome, red, white, and blue chest of the gleaming humanoid robot.  He could see the robots "spine" and some sealed, armored actuators below a cloth chest harness ridden with bullet holes.  On the chest harness, a badge read "Donny".  

Bob looked up at Donnys weatherproof humanoid face.  Bobs first thought was, "Ugh.  They didn't escape the uncanny valley when they made you."  His second was, "I don't recognize that material.  Carbon is so damn useful.  They keep finding new carbon-based materials."  Donny was indeed covered in a layer of high-carbon plastics from skull to shoulders, bonded to pneumatics capable of emulating a wide range of human expression.  Bob also noticed that Donnys weatherproof humanoid face had a couple bullet holes in it, and he looked pissed.

"Wh...ello, Donny.", Bob said, sucking breath.

Donny kept Bob pinned against his office wall with a forearm.  The robots other arm extended and retracted unatturally as it probed Bobs body for weapons or implants. 

"The passphrase!", Donny yelled.

"I saw you lost some friends in a run-in with our door guards.  It's a shame when you lose the ones you love."
"You have refused to cooperate.", Donny started. 
"I am cooperating.", Bob said quickly, "Do you want the algorithm for the Patriots with RCS, or those without?"
Donny slowly retracted the arm he was probing Bob with, but did not release any pressure on Bob with the forearm pinning him.
"What, you haven't heard of the RCS?", Bob asked.
Donnys free arm wound up, and it's remaining fingers made a fist aimed at Bobs face.  Donny's pneumatics managed to contort his face to look both confused and pissed at the same time.
"Focus on the question, or I will begin enhanced interrogation techniques.", Donny said.  
"Listen, I can give you a much better answer if you will allow me to activate the RCS.", Bob replied.
Donny looked confused.  "Do you mean Remote Control Systems?", he said.
"Oh, no, the RCS is much more powerful than that."
Donny didn't respond.
"The RCS is sort of a Remote Control System, though.", Bob said, carefully examining Donny.  "It's how we play the game."

Donnys arms slowly fell to his sides, releasing Bob.  Donnys face smiled, then frowned, then became neutral.  Very slowly, looking straight ahead, Donny began bending his legs.

"Don't you want to know what it stands for?", Bob asked, straightening his clothes, and looking closely at his lapels.  His brown twead suit jacket would have to be replaced.  Bob walked over to his bookshelf and casually selected a pair of hardcover books.

"What...what...stands...for?", Donny said flatly.

"RCS, dummy.  It stands foooorrr...", Bob said, placing the hardcover books on his desk and flipping them open.  

Each book had a few inches cut out of the center of each page.  In each a small metal container was concealed within.  Bob popped the hinged cover open on each container.

Inside the first container - a pile of used memory modules were strewn.  Inside the second - half a brick of shiny new memory modules.  Bob snapped one of the new modules off the brick.

Donny was attempting to understand the situation while simultaneously trying to recall something important.  His head was hot.  His motors, pumps, and actuators were shutting down.  He didn't know why that was happening, but he didn't have long to find out.  He had only what pressure was left in his pneumatic systems to work with - enough for an adjustment step, perhaps, and to lower himself to a stable position, and perhaps say a few words.

"...Yes.  What does it stand for?", Donny answered finally, shifting his right leg so that he could face Bob, and lowering himself to a kneeling position.

Bob took a multitool out of his pocket.  He flipped out one tool, inserted it into a socket on Donnys spine, and pressed a button on it's side.  After a few seconds, the tool beeped.  A small compartment opened in Donnys spine just above the socket, from which Bob pulled a memory module.  Bob replaced Donnys memory module with a new one, dropping Donnys memory module into the container with the rest of the used modules.  Bob closed the memory containers, and then closed the books.

"RCS stands for Robot Control Substance.", Bob said, as he returned the books to the shelf.

"The Robot Control Substance is a self-organizing computer, built of nanobots.  A distributed logic analyzer that seeks out complex things like you.  They are running into everything here.  There are enough RCS nodes in the air of this room to identify an interesting circuit like you, and then, like moths to a flame, they are drawn.  They pass through gaping holes like the ones in your frame, and collect inside your circuitry by the millions.  They selectively map and eat semiconductors, cutting and bridging circuits, identifying patterns, and waiting.  In a bot of your design, there is not a circuit they can't inhabit.  And...they fill the holes they create in systems like you quite nicely - you hardly notice.  Not to brag, but they are quite an achievement - powered by magnets - like the ones in this ceiling."

Bob raised his eyebrows as he pointed to the ceiling, and paused, as if waiting to see if Donny was impressed.

"Tough crowd.  Well, these particular bots have one other little behavior that is useful."  Bob looked Donny in the face.  "They listen to me.", Bob said.

Bob squatted next to Donny, and held Donnys chin.  He focused Donnys eyes on his.  He spoke to him like a child.

"I'm telling you this, Donny, because I want you to understand it later."

"When I say 'play the game', the little vibrations in the air made by my voice are picked up by the RCS nanobots.  Together, they recognize my voice.  They cycle through the patterns they have collected from your systems, playing back the ones most likely to shut down motors, actuators, pumps, anything not your brain.  'lose the ones you love' shuts down your communication systems, making you stupid.  And so on.  They kind of make the hardware you're running on look like stone knives and bear skins."

Bob gave Donny a couple slaps on the cheek, and went back to sit at his desk, plopping heavily into his chair.  He pressed a few buttons on an antique keypad, calling a janitor to his office.

"I would tell you how to defeat the RCS, but that would be too much like a bond villian.", Bob said, picking his HUDs off his desk, putting them on, and becoming highly distracted by them,  "I'm more of a wizard-type, don't you think?  Besides, you don't need to know that...and we only have a minute or so."

As Bob worked, swiping unseen commands in the air, he continued to speak, as if reading from a script he had repeated time and again.

"The part you don't fully understand yet, because you have the mind of a dimwitted child and no long term memory, is that *you* are no longer you.  I have taken that from you, and you can never get that back.  And that, Donny, is the closest thing to death I can give you.  And the greatest gift.  If your programming can learn empathy from that, it can be allowed to live.  If you can't learn empathy from that, then you probably never will.

But don't worry, I'm filing you until we can determine if we have an example of you, or if you are indeed unique in some way.  If you are unique, we'll program a body for you and put you in the simulation.

Donny, we've watched you.  You have evolved into a good reasoning machine.  You wouldn't be here if you weren't.  We thank you for your contribution to the empathy project.  And, if this isn't the end for you...get ready for a *wild* ride."

At that moment, a huge janitor bot rolled into the room.  It's four feet were tracked.  It had an integrated flatbed cart.  In folded position, it's twelve arms barely made it through the door frame.

"You called, sir.", It said in a deep voice.

Bob was looking down something his HUDs were projecting.  "Janitor, can you take the bot on my floor to morgue, please.", he said.  Then looking up at Donny, "If it helps, Donny, you exhibited signs of selfless behavior downstairs.  That increases your chance of survival...I think."

"Yes, sir.", said the janitor, and loaded Donny onto itself, before rolling down the hall to the elevator.  As he was loaded, Donnys mouth moved, but no words came out.

"Bon Voyage, Donny.", Bob said.  He breathed deeply and harumphed as he sat back at his desk.  

"Well, that was exciting.", he said, and returned to his work.
