
11) somehow need to make the janet-bob relationship happen.  I think this could be one lunch-work scene, and one where she sees bob teaching kung-fu and realizes he is a bad ass.

12) lunch with janet, bob, and friends.  need a geek patsy for bob to set up. also need a good scene praising american diversity "the good *old* usa is dead." and "criminal consipiracies are an everyday occurence.  always have been.  there is nothing *theoretical* about them." that's the guy that Bob will ruthlessly deliver.

NN) Also during lunch, the question: what one technology would you miss the most?  Auto-Toothpaste being the winner.  Then the geek patsy draws a newer person aside:

"He doesn't look super rich.", Pete said.
"He is.", Fred said.
"How do you know?", Pete asked.
Fred looked at Pete, but pointed at Bob.
"You know about emergent coin, though, right.", Fred said.
"I know *of* it, kinda."
"The coin that all the emergent colored coins are based on?"
"Yeah, I get the emergent coin theory, anyway.  I own some coins with that feature."
"Well, then you probably know that all those coins come from an origin coin.  The orgin coin contains the core event loop of the emergent organization.  Including the website Emergentcoin.org."
"Uh, theoretically, yes.  I know that if I get enough coin of a certain color, I can add my function to the organization, plugging in a subclass, or something."
"Yeah, but it won't last, because everyone in the emergent organzation gets a divident on their coins based on how well the code earns.  You replace code that is earning money through emergentcoin.org with something that earns less, and the organization will pitch in to replace it within milliseconds."
"I get it."
"Well, Bob was involved in that EARLY."
"How early."
"Rumor has it, he was one of the original authors." Fred said.  Then he leaned in close to Pete, whisperingin his ear.  "They say he might even control the root node."
"Shit.", Pete said, joining in the conspiratorial whisper, "That would make him the wealthiest guy on earth, maybe.  Anyone ever ask him about it?"
"Bunch of times.  He just dismisses the idea.  Laughs it off.  But I've see his code.  It's a match."
"You can't ID someones code.", Pete said, rolling his eyes.
"I debugged a million lines of code written by that guy, Pete.  I worked for him at Klamath Business Systems", Fred said.
"Hmmph.  Never prove it, anyway."
"No.  I won't, but either way, Bobs loaded like nobodys business."

 and you can add your function to the superclass color.  Potentially even replacing the superclass in the emergent organization.  It's the automation of a "capital democracy".
"

