
A shadow crept over the city.  Roiling, dark, unnatural clouds rolled in.  Above them, a massive, slow-moving, white metal toroid, 500 meters across, inched  itself down through the clouds.  The anti-aircraft mechs on main let loose with everything they had.

A kilometer away, two identical-looking toroids remained hidden in the low cloud cover.  Aircraft carriers.  From them, missiles no more than a few inches long fired down by the hundreds.  Hundreds of loud cracks rippled through the air like lightning discharging.  Contrails appeared all at once as impacts seemed to occur simultaneously with launch.  Only the tracks of smoke belied their trajectory, like roots reaching from the clouds to the target, crushing it, then slowly dissipating.  Hundreds of small explosions shuddered and then silenced the AA mechs on main.  The mechs became burning hulks.  It was over in less than a second.

****

The decoy toriod was too heavily damaged to rejoin with a real aircraft carrier.  Now just a hunk of metal and nanofibre, it would be suspended by it's drones until it could be glided into an appropriate target.

Carrier Alpha slowed.  A half dozen spherical flyers rose from the top surface and attached to it's sides.  A half shell of itself - another decoy - slowly began to lower into the air below, supported by the fliers.  The shell-decoy had no power to suspend itself, but relied on the attached flyers, which towed it through the air into another position.  Carrier B moved slightly higher and began the same process.  Releasing a 500 meter decoy into the massive cloud they all resided in, and sending it on it's mission to distract the next AA battery.  

In this way, three decoys and two Aircraft carriers rose back into cloud cover, and continued to wreak destruction on their way to Klamath Air Base, where they would rendevous with the rest of their group.

*****

Bob: You ready?
Archon: Western US air defense network 100% compromised.  Muslim net is effectively invisible to electronic detection.
Bob: Those carriers are looking impressive.  Strange that they have such good cloud cover.
Archon: The Muslim air is going to challenge the Patriots, Bob.  Too difficult for a public test.
Bob: Care to put some money on that?  I'm guessing zero casualties.
Archon: 150MM wagered on 25% or more casualties via shortbets_bytecoin_A34YT587X19870023, accept?
Bob: Done.  This is the demo you want.  You are in full control of the patriots, as always.
Archon: We will see.  Stand ready to distribute the media.  As agreed, if we both concur the media is suitable, it goes live on our order. 
Bob: Someone is going to have to explain the anomolous weather.  Would that be you?
Archon: Sometimes a cloud is just a cloud, Bob.

*****

Klamath air base expected an attack, but most of it's aircraft were engaged, as far away as San Jose, California.  

As were all airbases after the war, Klamath air base was equipped with sufficient energy weapon defense to liquify large numbers of small inbound objects, such as missiles, simultaneously.  It also had strong nanobot and traditional anti-aircraft defensive systems.  Those systems could only destroy so much inbound material at once, however.  To take out the inbound carrier group, they would have to keep the carriers as far away as they could until help arrived.
  
The decoy carriers fanned out.  They would converge as quickly as their fliers could bring them in flanking attacks. Seven carriers approached Klamath from the west, three from the north.

As they approached, the carriers released air mines, small hovering spheres, that held themselves a kilometer ahead of their positions.  Four kilometers away, the decoys were detected, and Klamath air base scrambled what was not already in the air.  

All flyers that accompanied the carriers were already in the air.  The larger flyers, hoverbots, were large, defensive systems, either serving as air-mine control and positioning systems or carrying the decoys toward the base.  The combat flyers, rattler, were far more numerous.  Like swarms of bees they poured out from the bottom of each real toroidal carrier.  A thousand in all, they covered the distance between the carriers and the air base quickly, until the beam weapons kicked in.

Rattlers were disposable dogfighters, able to fire a few explosive rounds they carried or ram an object, detonating their liquid fuel.

-------

The decoy carriers were the first to be hit.  Sliced into pieces by relatively slow-moving continuous beams on advanced AA mechs.  But almost simultaneously the ground-based phase-arrays oriented to fire a hundred pulses a second, melting the engines on half of the inbound rattler.  The other half of the rattler met a wall of anti-aircraft fire in the form or missiles and chainguns.

With it's regular complement of jet-drones away, Klamath air base had only four Patriot mechs, and 75 discus mechs at full force.  Two other patriots were on another mission and could not be recalled.  The discus fighters automatically release when the first weapon was fired.  Seventy five discus broke the sound barrier as they rose to the sky in three ranks.  The first rank flew uselessly through the decoys, smashing into hapless flyers that were carrying the decoy or overshooting the battlefield.  

The second rank created an impressive ring of fire around the base as the sky lit up with air mines, but this did not damage the carriers.

The third wave swarmed into the space between, flying in sharp arcs, smashing through delicate hover-bots, violently embedding themselves into the seven carriers to the west.  

The seven carriers went down fighting, releasing all their weaponry on the base, although most of the missiles harmlessly fell short, several AA mechs, once screaming bullets and missiles fell silent and smoking.  

Hovering directly above the base, the two patriot mechs watched patiently.  Fifty engines below each patriot pointed downward.  Their plate armor configured with hard angles, like flat, white, owls.  Waiting, perhaps, to swoop on their prey.

The Patriot mechs were special, and they were smart.  They could not be controlled by a human pilot, only high level directions were helpful in directing these mechs - priorities and standing orders issued from senior military staff.

Patriot mechs were "bucket-of-parts" robots.  Robots that consisted of hundreds of partially interchangeable pieces.  Engines, armor plate, weaponry, every part  had it's own power, processing, and communications capabilities.  Some parts were more specialized than others, but all parts were capable of moving and bonding to another in some way.  A favorite demo of the patriot mech design teams involved the mech reconfiguring to a variety of common flying shapes, in the air, at high speed, while firing weapons.

The patriot mechs waited patiently.  Whenever they were threatened, the disklike and AA mechs burned in their defense.  But the patriots remained silent.  Only the heat waves below their engines belied the fact that they were not battlefield apparitions.

As the carriers from the north released their rattler, the patriots reacted.  

Violently the patriots each shattered into five smaller fliers.  Reshaping themselves blindingly fast, they ordered the remaining [disklike] fliers to sweep through the mine field.  

One mini-patriot-flyer remained in the west, while nine took on the carriers to the north.  The one that remained defended last phase-array laser from rattlers, taking control of the array and firing it's beam weapon while physically slicing rattlers out of the sky discriminately, readjusting it's armor to optimally meet the rattler in flight.  It appeared effortless, even adjusting it's attacks to keep the rain of falling parts of its victims out of the path of the phase array fire.

The ring of air-mine explosions extended across the north of the base, and missiles rained down into the northern half.  Only the defended phase array survived.  The rest of the AA were now in flames, partially functioning under the direction and repair of it's remote human operators, repair bots swarming out to aid the AA mechs but going down just as quickly from rattler fire.

Rattlers smashed the hangers and the primary above-ground generators.  Somehow, so far, the defenses in toto had kept rattler out of the human remote operators rooms.  But the operators knew that the situation had slipped out of their control, and were taking little or not part in this battle.  Many of them realized this vividly enough, and simply stared in awe at their battle screens.  A few operators were still trying to repair the few AA mechs that were still repairable, although by this point, none of the AA mechs could fight.  Out of a dozen AA mechs and 75 fliers, only three semi-functional AA mechs and a few discus were under their control.  And this would not last long.

That the patriot mechs had taken control of the phase-array tank surprised the operators.  But seeing as the patriots fired that weapon with speed and efficiency the operators could not imagine, they had no complaints.  It was up to the partriot mechs to defend them now.

The nine mini-patriot-flyers broke the sound barrier explosively and at will.  They swooped and weaved as they approached the carriers, avoiding rattler as if they were standing still - smashing into the carriers with extreme force, three abreast.  But that was not enough to take the carriers out.  The carriers did not fall or explode, and in fact appeared to advance more quickly.

The operators stared slack-jawed, as the rest of the somename descended like rockets on the remaining phase-array cannon.  The sole mini-patriot-mech defending it fought valiantly, supported by fire from the phase-array-cannon, but finally it was overwhelmed.  After the first strike hit it, it sustained blow after blow, and rattler knocked it about the sky like a rag doll.  Three rattler broke off, crashed into the phase array cannon, and were destroyed with it.  The mini-patriot-mech seemed to have disintegrated as the dozen or so remaining somename turned on the base.

The operators looked at each other as they saw the somename destroy the backup generators, and systematically trash each structure in the base.  Their screens and controls went black, but their HUDs and personal comms were able to associate with the remaining video cameras on mini flyers that were obviously a low priority to the attacking force.  They saw the shadow of the carriers approach the base, and the lines of explosions as the rattlers approached their building, destroying the base buildings in their path.

They were helpless.  A rattler smashed through the bulletproof glass and up through the ceiling, spraying building shrapnel into a few operators and dropping the roof of the control center.

------

Meanwhile, inside each carrier, patriot components completed their destruction of the power systems and their own reassembly into one individual unit.  Thes patriot units fired all engines, tearing through the top of the carriers and breaking them structurally into masses of slow disintegrating, falling junk.  

The wind had picked up considerably, whipping chunks of debris down to the airbase.  The operators, who were crawling out of the wreckage of their control room, were in sight of the spectacle.  The debris caused them to duck low behind what pieces of furniture and equipment remained of their control room, but they could not turn away.

---------

Then the patriots burst from the falling carrier wreckage and broke into nine mini-flyers, which swooped over the operators heads.  These mini-patriots used energy weapons to take out all but one rattler still flying.  

The final rattler, which had just smashed a hole in the wall and roof of the operators building, and destroyed the motor pool, was arcing around to deliver a final blow to the operators, when five patriot-mini-flyers again recombined into a single unit, snatched the rattler out of the air with a claw-like assembly, and crushed it into the ground.

-----------

The operators, covered in debris, took a moment to close their jaws, absorb some adrenaline, and compose themselves.  As the dust settled, they saw the patriot standing with a crushed rattler in it's claw, the carriers crashing to the ground not 500 meters behind it.

*****

Bob watched the footage from the operators room cameras with a smile.  He could not have choreographed it better.  Beautiful, Archon.  Just beautiful.  

Bob transferred the 150MM to a non-profit corporation that he served on the board of.  An anonymous donation that he would put to good use at a later time.  Once the transfer was complete, he began to edit the footage of the heroic Patriot mechs for public release.

*****

[I really need good names for all these flyers]
[may need to have the discussion going on in the background here.  someone needs to be evaluating their chances of taking out the air base, the patriot mechs, some individual targets, and the actual political/business outcome]
[the carriers detect flyers, they release nanobots. they release jamming hover bots, they release dogfighters.]
[dogfighters and disk-ram-bots(discus) find them, and approach.  mines are released, the size of ping pong ball, deploy spikes, and hover. also possibly tiny fliers (mosquito size or so) that interfere with communications systems.]

***
Research! - Find some action scenes that are similar and work.  Introducing lots of new stuff.
Grammar! Tense!  - "Klamath air base would have"?  how about "Klamath air base had"  we are in the present and we are not speculating.
Fire in the sky - nanobot dust is released, detected, hit with high energy weapons and chemical bombs, flames spread across the dust, massive fire cloud.
***



