
110% of proceeds from this book will be given to homeless veterans, directly.  Until rich runs out of money, then 100%.  BTC strongly preferred.  Thanks.

*****

Arlington sat in the lab composing a letter to his boss.  

His boss, Saumya, was brought in as a logistics tech under the Rising Star program ten years back.  That program had gathered recruits from any nation to the USMC, based primarily on intelligence tests, offering candidates instant citizenship to the United States and a job for life.  In addition to genius-level intelligence, there was one more requirement for entry into the program, a detail really - the program required that applicants be willing to be lobotomized, fully instrumented via brain implants, and to serve a lifetime contract in the Marine Corps.  Impoverished geniuses in perpetually fucked-up countries took the bait, and about a thousand of them ultimately entered the corps - most of them women.

Officially, the Rising Stars were to be the real-time supply chain of the corps - one Rising Star was embedded in almost every field outpost, providing perfect intelligence on the supply and requirements of every field unit in the corps, and near psychic understanding of what will be needed and how to get it there.  

Completely networked, and connected to one another almost constantly, the Rising Stars used their uncanny intelligence to develop the Marine Corps internal supply prediction markets, ultimately adapting them to enhance communication between units.  Comms trusted them, and soon enough, communications channels would simply open when they were needed between units, based on the Rising Stars algorithm.  Marines with similar needs would find themselves in conversation.  The Rising Stars even proved to be game in the field as well.  A feature article in Leatherneck magazine was written about their loyalty - the cover photo was of a Lance Corporal in the Rising Stars charging a hill in the battle for Santiago, bayonet in hand, bullets pounding the dirt about her.  The feature waxed on for thirteen pages about the silent, smart, strong warriors.  For all intents and purposes, they were the best friends of every unit they were deployed with, minus the converstation - Rising Stars didn't speak much - but they had the love of their unit - and that worked out pretty well.

Before long, though, the NSA took them under their wing, and they became a security system.  A few dozen court-martials later, they forever lost the trust of the Corps.  That's when they began behaving in unexpected ways.  One by one, they stopped speaking verbally for good.  They took on similar appearance in dress and style (shaved head, tattoos, and impeccable uniforms).  Their performance was unimpeded, however, so they simply became outcasts, further isolated into their own internal conversation among one another.  

The story goes that the NSA found them deep inside their network, feasting on secret shit.  That got them relegated back to supply jobs - but they never got the trust of the Corps back.  From then on, they were treated like robots, or outcasts, or worse.

Arlington was stationed at [base name?] with Saumya when he was a new tech eight years ago.  He didn't know anything about the history of the Rising Stars.  All he knew was that Saumya was the ranking active-duty non-commissioned officer in the depot at the time - the only supply tech, in-fact.  Puzzled that she didn't greet him on her first day, and not knowing where to find her, Arlington simply checked in with the security bot, logged in to a workstation, and got to work.  

After struggling for a dozen hours attempting to upgrade a turbofan - near giving up and heading home - he turned to see a striking, strong woman in uniform behind him.  Tatoos covered her face.  Tools unrecognizable to Arlington dangled from her tatooed hands.  Staff Seargents stripes identified her as the person in charge.  After stumbling through an introduction, Arlington stepped aside while Sayumya quietly finished the upgrade in ninety seconds.  

Arlington was shocked that she had somehow trained herself to repair every bot and vehicle in the depot.  When he was stumped, he could always rely on her to appear with the right tool for the job, step into the repair process, and show him how it was done.  When she was done, she would retreat to her office, a control room filled with computing equipment, from which she assumedly was building the next great algorithm for supply chain management, or something like that.

Not knowing much about the history of the Rising Stars, and generally bored as hell, Arlington communicated with Saumya daily, filing unnecessarily lengthy, conversational reports to which she would respond officially and instantly.  Arlington was good at his job, and every day he finished early, sometimes before lunch.  He played chess in the lab with all comers until 5PM.  Time and again he asked Saumya if she would like to play chess, and left a chess board open in the lab.  For six months he left every day for the boxing gym, not a piece on the board moved.

When Joe transferred in, Arlington had to correct him on the history of the Rising Stars and the disposition of their boss.  Arlington made it clear that no badmouthing of Saumya or the Rising Stars was necessary.  When Joe continued to insult Saumya, Arlington held Joe up to the lockers with one hand, and caved in his locker door with the other, making it clear that his hands were damn near indestructible heavyweight-class striking machines.  That pretty much ended any discussion of of Saumya by Joe.  He was a good tech, but a dozen years in the corps had given him a severe case of dissillusionment, cynicism, and pass-the-fucking-potatoes syndrome.

The next morning, throwing his gym bag in his now-disfigured locker, he noticed a chess piece moved on the board in the lab.  A delivery bot was out of place as well.  Saumya.

He found Saumya to be an amazing chess player.  For years that was their relationship.  They would play chess.  Sayumya would appear out of nowhere whenever Arlington was stuck (which he faked dozens of times, something surely obvious to Saumya), and work with him.  Arlingtons would send her reports like journal entries.  Saumya began to wave goodbye when she left a room he was in.  A couple times he thought he caught her smiling.  Anyway, she always brought a smile to his face.

For six years, the three of them were the crew.  They repaired, maintained, and upgraded the equipment in the [name of place].  

In the [name of conflict], it was all hands on deck, and for weeks they repaired and upgraded everything that came in, 24/7, whether it was on-fire, contaminated with bio-hazardous material, or housing the deceased brothers and sisters.  They slept infrequently and never more than one of them at a time, turning drones and vehicles around in record-breaking times.  They had plenty of time to get to know how valuable every one of them was to their team. 

After the [name of conflict], the truth came out, and the Corps was pissed.  

Arlington lost a brother and a sister.  His father came home short two legs.  

Joe lost all his friends.  

Saumya, and the Rising Stars, lost a lot of members.  

Joe spent a few weeks drunk.  Arlington spent a little time on the streets in the protests, but his heart wasn't in it.  They both came back, demoted a rank, and put on reserve status.  Saumya was promoted to master gunnery seargent, and served as their I&I staff.  They stayed together, like a family.  Joe took a six month detox pill.

So it was with some sadness, years later, at the dawn of another conflict [naming?] that Arlington wrote two things: a final report to Saumya, and the script to issue it once the airlock blast doors had closed behind him.

-----

"Dear Saumya,  

My biggest regret is not getting to know you better.  Our correspondence, and your company, are what I'm remembering now.  I can't think back on much else.  I can't even explain what I'm doing, but I'm going to try.

People say you can't predict the future, but I know how this story ends.  

A simple man.  

That's what I wanted to be.  Just happy.  Peaceful, if not happy.  Well.  I got close.  

I had a good job as a reservist, and at the senior center in Klamath Falls.  I fixed hospital gear.  I fixed trucks.  I kept my head down, kept off the nets, well, as much as I could.  Spent most of my free time at the senior center or boxing.  As far as I knew, the only people who needed my help were the truckers, the seniors, and, very rarely, Scruffy.  

Even after this alert, I was able to bring my cat into the motor pool and keep my head in the sand.  You met Scruffy.  Anyway, looked like I would ride it out.

Then she shows up.

Thing is, I always knew this day would come.  

Nothing for it.  

I have a defect, Saumya.

I couldn't avoid the service, though we all knew that war was coming.  I couldn't even avoid joining the protests when I saw how fucked it was.  That's how fucked up I am.  The worst kind of defect.  

Imagine a trap you can see coming a mile away that you know you will walk into.  You just can't back down.  You're goin' in.

When the alert came, I made it to the motor pool ahead of time.  This is a quiet place.  Underground.  Well protected.  I had a lot of reading to get caught up on.  Brought Scruffy again.  Had more than enough to eat.  I loaded a dozen crates of cat food on my truck when the alert came.  Joe was already there.  We got to work uncrating and testing the repair bots, then ran through a monitoring pass on the Klamath mechs.

Things were looking good for me an' ol' scruff'.  

My boss was amazing.  All I had to do was fix whatever gear came in, put out water for scruffy, make sure he didn't drink antifreeze, and we were good.  I could stick my head in the sand here for the duration.  

Then, she shows up.  

It came up on my screen as a possible defect in the stabilizer of a communications mech.  Probably a sensor issue.  I was about to activate and initiate the diagnostic sequence when I realized that I actually had resources that would give me video on the mech.  The remote video system took a while to refamiliarize myself with.  I'm a real reservist, now. Reservists barely know how to use half the systems they are supposed to.

Using the video system on this mech involved programming some old-school 10 oz. flyers for the mech to launch.  Once the flyers knew where I wanted them, they would launch and turn video control over to me.  Took a while, but I figured it out.

And there she was.  

Sitting in the muck.  

It had started to rain on her.  I saw her gently throw a rock at the mech.  There was a whole pile of them on the ground where the rock bounced off.  I just panned down, in shock as to how this old lady could be there.  

She looked up.  

She must have heard one of the flyers, and immediately tossed a rock.  The video bobbled and twisted, then recovered, and I saw she was yelling something at me.  I didn't know how to turn on audio, it was 15 levels deep in some menu.  Even though I couldn't hear her, the hairs stood up on the back of my neck.  Maybe it was the look on her face.  I hadn't felt so guilty, well, ever.

She didn't have much on her.  Some old huds, a muddy blanket sat on the ground beside her, and a fallen tree branch laid by one hand that she had obviously been poking the Road mech with.  She struggled to reach the stick.

I couldn't remember her name, but I remembered her face.  It was familiar. 

The senior center.  That was where I remembered her from.  She would hang around manzanitas senior center.

She had a couple friends in there, but she spent a lot of time just helping out, brought home made grub at dinner time, ran some old-school board games in the afternoon, played games with the fellas.  Seemed like she knew a lot of them.  Always put a smile on my face to see folks like her come by.  My dad had loved her food...before he passed on.  

What was her name...and...more importantly...what the hell was she doing stabbing my AA mech with a stick?

One thing was certain, she wouldn't last long out there.  As weak as she was.  Maybe it was good she was weak.  If she even dented a sensor on that mech, she would be atoms in milliseconds.  I had to consider that for a good long while.  

I'm going outside and I'm trying not to look back.  I know I can't get back in once I'm gone.  

I'm going to protect her, if I can.  Take her to the air base.  

If they don't arrest me, I'll stop by the senior center.  I've got family there.  You and Joe are my family here, but I know you'll make it.  Maybe I can take some of the seniors to the air base.  I don't know.

I only know I have to try this time.

Saumya, I wish things could have been different. 

-Arlington

P.S. You're beautiful.
P.P.S. If you would like to adopt a cat, Scruffy is going to need some company.  He's smart and loyal and I can tell he likes you.  Think about it."

-------

Joe was laboriously and unnecessarily cleaning a maintainance arm on the shop floor with a rag and a bottle of n-clean when Arlington called him over to the lab.
"Joe."
"Yeah." Joe called out without turning around.
"I need you to come here, man."
Joe kept cleaning. "I only got enough for the ladies, gayboy."
"Turn around and get the fuck over here, you dickwad E-4 p.o.s. faggot shitbird motherfucker."
That got Joes attention.  "It's *such* a turn on when you pull rank.  Keep it up and I might even clean your pussy with this." Joe raised the disguisting rag without turning around.
Joe lazily put down the spray bottle and sauntered over to the lab, tossing the rag he was using casually on a workbench next to arlingtons station.  Arlington hated dirt in the lab.
"Joe" Arlington was suddenly sheepishly serious, "I got to go outside for a while."
Joe began to laugh but saw no humor in Arlington, and stopped.  
Joes head pulled back slightly, his brow furrowed, as he considered Arlington.
"Stop fucking around.", Joe said.
Arlington studied a spot on the floor.

"You are kidding, right?", Joe said.
Arlington had no response.
"Are you fucking kidding me!?!?!...Is this an order!?!?!"
Arlington looked up quickly. "No. Joe."  
Arlington struggled to come up with a way to make Joe understand. "I...I got a girl out there."

Joe stood shocked and concerned for few moments, speechless.  He tried to find a way to change the direction of the conversation, "I'm sorry Arlington.  But...you know she's infected by now...and...I'm sorry...I don't think you can help her...no can do, man."

Arlington put his elbows on his knees.  He looked exhausted, struggling to produce each word.  "Joe.", he said, "I outrank you, brother.  And I'm in charge of this lab...and I'm ordering you to help me suit up for retrieval of a high value target, and..."
Arlington looked down, and heaved a breath in, "to shut the fuck up about it...tell no one... just fucking wish me luck..."

When Arlington finally looked up and into Joes eyes, he was supremely determined.

Joe got the message.  He just looked at Arlington, agape.  "Fuck.", he said.

Arlington turned to his screen.  "And while I'm out there, I'm going to repair AA Mech 1742-89-3.  By my orders, you are not to activate that mech until after I complete my repairs.  I will return after I have dropped the target at Klamath Air base for decon.  I will be taking the 50 ton and two suits.  That leaves you and Saumya with two trucks, the refueler, and a shit-ton of fliers."

"Jesus.  And no way to fucking sleep!" Joe replied.

"I'm going to ask Saumya to cover a shift for you.  She can handle it.  If I don't return by 2300, you will contact Klamath Air base and coordinate with the motor pool there to remedy that, get a replacement.  You should miss no more than one nights sleep."

"Fuck.  No.  Fuck no...and bullshit!  Replacement?" Joe said. "You've really got to do this man!?  You are *not* coming back.  Not as a marine, at the least.  Arlington?"

"Yeah.  I know."

Joe turned and leaned against the doorway, then turned back quickly.  Less angry, but just more concerned.  "You know where they put you away if you get that shit on you?...That shit out there?"

Arlington didn't answer.  Joe just turned away again, and turned back, putting his head in one hand, "I can't believe it.  Fucking crazy dumbass bitch.  I always knew you were fucking crazy.  Fuck it. Fuck you.", and then stormed off to the 50-ton to begin prepping it.  

Arlington stood and mechanically went about donning extraskin, and packing two packs with decon suits, a few days rations, and a sidearm.  He unsealed and packed the gear into the cab of the truck, then headed to the rafters to peek his head up into a bed of olive canvas and blankets.

"Hey", he whispered. Scruffy was curled into a ball with her head upside down and her chin pointing at the ceiling, a smile on her face.
"By-ya scruffy." he said.

Scruffy's head lifted at that, as if out of a dream.  he immediately perked up, and with minimal movement of his body, he straightened and stretched his neck, and  gave arlington the same anxious-curious head-tilt he had made when arlington first met scruffy at the pound.

***

[Sadly, might need to cut this.  It just doesn't fit. There is also a problem with the "reservist" status as I just changed the timeline above - in any case, if I use it, it needs a rewrite.]

That was a helluva day, Arlington thought.  He stared into scruffy's eyes and remembered it like a dream.  

Arlingtons sister had been bugging him for over a year to get a cat.  

"At the very least you need something to love.  You've got to use all those hugs you got in you.  It's a goddam waste." she said. "You never know, you might find love again, Arlington."  

"That," said Arlington, "would not be fair."  

That was when Arlington still had a sister.  She was persistent when she was around, though, and he knew she wouldn't stop nagging him.  So he had gone to the pound more to stop her nagging than anything else.  He had to pick up fuel for the motor pool once a week, and the pound was practically on the way.  

It was a freezing winter day, and Arlington had been up since 4AM.  He was sitting in a newly assembled truck.

He had been working with the maintenance bot - basically a mechanical arm on a cart attached to a power source.  He had it working on drive units for the 50-ton trucks.  The 50-ton was the old standard, heavy mainstay of the US automated truck fleet.  Designed to cart first generation AA mechs, old-style fuel cells and batteries, oil and spare parts to the field of battle.  Heavily armored, ridiculously outdated, but with a modular design that allowed the vehicle to combine up to four drive modules, a cab, a bed, troop carrier, liquid fuel carrier, and a brilliant auto-loader that would auto-load any two mechs in the US arsenal into the bed quicker than the newest 30-ton truck modules would load just one.  

Arlington maintained three of the 50-tons and he admired them.  Still, he was bored as shit with the reservist crap.

Now that no one else wanted the 50-tons, Arlingtons little truck depot had a full complement of drive units and some extra loaders for them.

He had two maintenance bots, a subterranean fixed-position bot for assmembling the big parts of the truck, and a "mechanic" maintenance robot for detail work.  The mechanic was a couple of nice mechanical arms on tracks that that spoke to the maintenance computer.  Today his maintenance bots were throwing together a cab, a couple diesel drive units and an electric drive unit, double armored wheels all around, and an empty bed with no loader.  Pretty standard setup for a reserve weekend.  

The deisel maintenance was the only part he would really pay attention to and enjoy.  These engine modules were a real rarity.  Some military shops didn't even maintain the smelly, dangerous things, but its maintenance would be the highlight of his reserve weekend.  

After maintenance was done, Arlington would hit the road.  He wouldn't be hauling anything this weekend, his plan was just to test out these drive units and the sensors at each mech station, return to the depot, and clean up.  Mission accomplished.  By then it would probably be noon, he would meet up with the other two resevists in Klamath for a beer, then return the trucks to the bay to be dissected into their consituent modules.  If he was lucky, the cleanup would not take more time than everything else combined.  Exciting day.  

Almost as soon as he got on the road, he was in the doldrums.  He eyed the manual controls.  Driving on manual was a novelty, but not very smart in terms of getting to lunch on time.  Then again, how many people had the opportunity to use manual controls?  

Maybe he was just bored.  Maybe he was lonely.  His sisters words came back to him.  He hadn't had a hug from anyone aside from his sister for 20 years.  That was back when his mother had died.  [That was in the something something war - important that he believes someone else did it.]

He looked at the map screen.  The map, black with white graphics.  O.k. maybe his life needed some color.  He looked out of the olive drab and black cab to the gray sky through the windshield.  Black and white it is.  He looked back at the map screen.  He raised a finger and dropped the crosshairs of the navigation unit on the animal shelter, then punched a couple buttons along the side of the unit.  

"Confirmed.", the unit said in a pleasant female voice.

The truck pulled up outside the squat, brown, dilapidated one-story building with the antique cars out front.  In the back of his mind he caught his breath at the beauty of those old, broken down, rusty vehicles.  
This place had probably been a pound for 100 years, or as long as anyone could remember.  
He opened the squeaky front door and stepped in.  Smaller than he had anticipated.  Low ceiling.  Being seven foot tall, he almost had to stoop.  Lots of light, though.  It was warm enough to take his gloves off.  Rows of animal cages, four high, filled the room, seperated by five foot high, painted partitions.  There were smells and sounds of animals, but nothing strong enough that he could tell what was out there.  He couldn't even really tell what color scheme the place was, other than muted.  It was dilapidated and spotless all at the same time.  It was like squeaky clean midgets were scrubbing the color out of everything since the dawn of time.  

Off to the side, the front desk was a tiny counter, rows of white shelves behind filled with stuff.  Presumably it was a tiny animal pharmacy back there.  Fittingly, a very small elderly lady in a white outfit with a pink bow-tie greeted him from behind the counter.  "How can I help you?" she said as she looke up.  
"Uh, yeah." 
She patiently smiled in a manner that said "I'm sure you will come up with something, son."
"Um, I'm here to pick up a cat."
"Well, what kind of cat did you lose?"
"Ah. No, I'm not a...cat owner."
Here eyes widened.  "Oh!  Well heavens you could have fooled me!"  She said with a smile.  "Would you like to take a look around?"
Arlington shrugged, pulled the corners of his mouth down and raised his eyebrows.  This was how he said, "Why not?"  Often misinterpreted.
The pharmacist turned 45 degrees to her right and bent forward.  Stayed there for a few seconds.  Arlington waited, concerned.  She then began to shuffle in a manner that was clearly an indication of movement in the direction of the cages, for someone permanently bent forward about 45 degrees at the waste, she made a spectacular swing with her left arm to open a hinged piece of the counter, enabling her to shuffle, cane in hand, out into the room.  She suddenly became animated, turned to arlington, caught his eyes with a sparkle and smile that could sell ice to eskimos, and with a shake of a little fist across her body, exclaimed, "lets get you a cat!"

They spent the next thirty minutes visitng the cages, Verna showing Arlington cat after cat, introducing each of them by name, despite her inability to read the small paper labels.  For the most part she kept Arlington between her and the cages, having arlington do the unfamiliar and sometimes risky work of opening the cages and introducing himself to many of the cats.  They were interrupted only once as another worker came in to sit at the counter for a few minutes, shouting across the room the business of the day to Verna.

Scruffy was a big young tabby.  Sleeping, her head on her hands, unlike the other cats, who got up to preen and grab attention from the customers.  She seemed resigned, almost.  When arlington approached, she heard Verna talking to him, and her ears perked up.  This human hadn't seen her, but there was something different about his interplay with Verna.

"Oh, dear, hehe, sometimes they do bite a little." said Verna, "But they're love bites, you know.  That's Midnight."  
"Not afraid to bite.  That's probably good.". Arlington found amusing the situation in general and Vernas countenance in particular.  He just let that black kitty bite his hand for a few seconds and then eased him back into his cage.  

The paper nametag for midnights cell slipped out of it's plastic clip when he did, so he bent down to pick it up and return it.  When he had put it back and Verna had complimented him on his work, "perfect" she said, he found himself eye to eye with Scruffy.  She was in the cage above midnights, at eye level with Arlington.  She had her eyes open, and raised her head so that her thin little neck showed it's length, soft orange hairs sticking straight out from every surface.  Arlington saw that she had subtle tiger stripes.  Her head tilted to the side like she was studying something behind him.  Then she looked right into arlingtons soul and flipped a switch.  

Verna sold him the standard set of treatments and gave him a blanket to carry Scruffy in.   
"Thanks Verna.  Um...can I call you if...I...uh...Scruffy needs...some more treatments...?"
"All my information is in scruffys neck chip.  Already sent it to your space Mr. Hugh.  There's an owners manual in there.  You can buy Scruffy's food cheapest in bulk.  My notes are all in there."  Verna gave him a warm smile before turning away.  "She's a smart one, Scruffy.  You two are going to get along just fine."

Scruffy behaved as if she had known Arlington her whole life, but studied him carefully as he drove her home.

***

"Hey, dickhead?  You leaving?  Battles not getting any cooler out there!", shouted Joe.
"Yeah!" Arlington replied as he descended the ladder to the rafters.  "Yeah.  Just said by to Scruffy." 

Arlington said his goodbyes to Joe, climbed in the truck, sealed it, and set a course for the Euwana Pass checkpoint.

***


