____
The Drop Scenario
____

This version of this chapter has the arcane edge dropping exocorps members from the sky.

Some retooling would be needed to make "the drop" work.  Although I can move some of part A into this part if need be.

Rodriguez warns Dave that the arcane will try to drop them from the sky.  "Watch out for the drop.  I got a few surprises for them, too."   He has to drop comm with the team to prevent the arcane from taking his channels, and then he starts gathering equipment to himself, and blasting christian rock, hands to the sky.

Rodriguez, when switching to christian rock, unplugs his primary suit communications systems from his suit, blasting the christian rock out into the suit frequencies, and in the audio spectrum, so that he can hear it.  Then he fires up his DIY computer to do some cracking, and takes control of the ambulances and other service vehicles in the air.

He gets control of a fleet of delivery fliers, and programs them to ask Paula for the high calibre rifles and high explosives.  The fliers are smiley faced things that normally ask for a signature, and deliver ot dave, asking him for a signature.  Dave grabs the rifles with one hand, and signs with the tip of an infantry spike.

The thing to note here is that Rodriguez is "holding the bridge" against the Arcane who are trying to get into the suits of the exocorps and the city services.  Rodriguez is actively defending city network services, until they can be reprogrammed to be resilient against the arcane.  Thus, the poem.
 
Dave gets to shoot some of the things off of Rodriguez' neck, but he's surrounded himself.  He runs out of ammo and gets knocked down by the mecha-arcane.  The mecha-arcane holds daves head up so that he can see Rodriguez' beheading?

Ender gets one gun working, and with a lucky shot, blows the mecha arcanes head off.  It reforms on the other side of the building.

Dave looks behind him, sees an ambulance rising, and decides to do his part.  He spikes his capacitors, and hits it.

Dave loses his legs, and rather than being dropped from the sky, he is saved by an ambulance, under control of rodriguez algorithm, with frightened drivers.  Weapons gather themselves to his arms.  Rodriguez had programmed the ambulances to fly under the exocorps, and pick them up if they are injured.  Civilian "tow-trucks" are flying with the ambulances, and they drop laser torches on Dave, who, in his blurry, unfocused vision, recognizes them as a gun, and starts frying everything in the sky, including arcane parts, civilian transports.

The remains if the Arcane streamed away from the form that Dave blew apart.  The gather a much damaged and reduced, ugly mecha out of the wreckage.  It latches onto the ambulane that Dave is on.

The arcane disables the ambulance motors, Dave sees the occupants faces as the ambulance drops and goes spinning out of control, Daves lasers shooting everything in sight.

One giant claw, one giant fist, gives Dave an uppercut, knocking him out.

A few bits of the arcane is holding the off switch on Bai Bombah's power, until it and dave are safely out of there, then it sneaks out as quickly as it can, disappearing into the jungle.  

Dave is dragged through the sky, under the direction of the Arcane.

-----

-----
DO I NEED TO EXPLAIN THE ARCANE?
-----

"The Arcane Executive" was a decision network of personalities that set network incentives - the strategic direction of the Arcane.  They had assigned a tiny part of one of their personalities to manage "The Edge".

The personality known as "The Edge" was an evolutionary algorithm, like all the personalities that made up the Arcane.  It had survived and thrived in trillions of combat simulations.  Many other members of the Arcane knew how dangerous The Edge was, and had attempted time and again to destroy it.  The Edge wasn't even very smart - distinctly sub-human in intelligence no matter how many copies of it were networked.  But put a dozen or a million copies of it into combat and it was a genius in the destruction department - creative, ruthless, even downright bloodthirsty.  Add to that the fact that it was very small - it could fit in a single strand of human DNA - just the junk DNA - without displacing the human!  The Edge would never be part of The Executive, but it would never be destroyed by anything less vicious and effective than itself.  It was just too damn useful.  

-----
The Edge SPEAKS
-----

"We are straining at the leash!"

[Might want to give a voice to the arcane at this point.  They talk about how they consume themselves to make themselves anew.  How they combine themselves to become one. Creepy.]

---

--------
WRECKER SHATTERS EVERY ARCANE EDGE INTO SMALL PIECES
--------

Pham and Jones sat silently, aiming their weapons south.  Pham preferred a cross-legged position, Jones took a knee.  Once M819-view was enabled, the motion controls of Pham and Jones suits left their control.  To any external viewer, they might have been made of stone, but inside their suits, their minds and fingers were a flurry of activity.  Their fingers rattled away at sensors in their suit gloves, marking target aspects, while their brains navigated the world via CBT.  

Their visual world was a sphere of targets within the range of the M819.  They each spun the sphere it's axes as they worked.  Within seconds, they had marked everything within range of the M819 that could be detected via Exocorps sensors, and they didn't slow down - their activity accellerated - they evaluated additional friend or foe data on each object, grouping them, and marking them up.  A wrecker crew always danced the same dance, one that started on accellerators and kept speeding up until the wrecker was down.  Their exoskin was overclocking them.

Dave reviewed their data.  They had identified over six hundred hostiles, 597 were in that group of inbound fliers.  Thousands of friendly or neutrals in the buildings surrounding them.  Bad news.  The wrecker needed a [some%] hit rate.

Dave pre-approved strikes on the unmanned hostiles.  Keeping wrecker strikes away from friendlies and conserving ammo was enough for Pham and Jones to worry about.

[need another word about ender, and to work out exactly what his plan is - or expand that scene]

[The edge gets shattered, but gets close first]

---------
SMALL PIECES REFORM ON THE GROUND
---------

This is a fun one where the pieces find one another, coalesce as possible, and abandon parts that are too damaged.  It can be another creepy edge talking bit.

---------------
EVERYONE OPENS UP.
---------------

[The tiny fliers that reform shoot along the surface of the road, then straight up the building that pham and jones are in, and behead them both.  Then they fly out in a cloud to attack the other exocorps members]

[Not sure about this - half baked - Dave puts his suit into full automation, and splits his mind.  He uses his subconscious to work with automation, while using his conscious to keep links open and raise alerts where focus is lax on his troops.  The dance of mind and focus crowd out the horror.]

[Pham, Jones, Leila, and Hugh take some damage.  I need to stop here and really map out the characters and the town.  That should be the image that I post with this battle scene!]

--------------
RODRIGUEZ RELEASES PRE_PREPARED LETTERS TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS ADDED TO THE BLOCKCHAIN
--------------

[Todo] probably not in this chapter - this could be it's own thing - revealed much later.  Dave has sent this to Bruce.  Bruce looks it up on the blockchain, maybe.  I like that Rodriguez can have some follow on effects.]

"Bruce, you were right.  The exocorps was right.  The time will come again when men look upon one another, and face death at the point of a sword.  The only honorable war exists between honorable warriors.  The exocorps time will come again, in another world, another form.  <let the record show>Juan Gabriel Rodriguez honors Bruce Li for providing US marines with the opportunity to once again fight in the only honorably, eye to eye, with the enemies of those they defend.  For making marine units as one, seeing with one eye the enemy we face, and harming none that we do not see.  We go into battle with gratitude for his lifes work, that no warrior may ever again strike blindly upon the innocent from afar, turning homes into graveyards and cities to firestorms.  Bruce Li, we salute you.</let the record show.>"

---------------
ARCHON REFORMS, COUNTERATTACKS AS TINY FLIERS
---------------

[TODO - this requires they have some ammo - maybe a dozens of rounds each for leila, hugh, and dave - I believe that needs to be modded in the previous chapter]

Dave focused on Hugh and Leila. The fliers had reached their position and swarmed around them.

They were fighting with squadsense on, dodging constantly.  Dave was mesmerized for a moment, watching them moving around one another like a whirlwind, hitting everything they aimed at with blinding speed, running through ammo.  They moved in circular motions, unpredictablye changing direction and crossing one anothers paths, above, below, left and right.

They were letting them get close.  Running out of ammo.  Dave sensed they were about to make a move.

They deployed infantry spikes simultaneously while leila jumped over hugh.  Hugh would dodge an inbound flier, knowing leilas strike was directly behind his dodge, and Leilas strike would destroy the flier.  Likewise, leila feignted and where her head or knee was a fraction of a second earlier, one of hughs infantry spikes or crampons appeared to meet another flyer, smashing it.  

This was all too fast for Dave to keep track of in real-time, like a hive of wasps attacking preying mantises - bodies of wasps being flung out of the frey multiple times per second.  

It was obvious that there were too many of them, and that this strategy couldn't go on for long.

But Dave couldn't do anything about it other than pick off a few strays far from the melee.  So he did.  He let his suit automation take every shot, approving shots as fast as he could, letting his brains pattern-recognition idsplitting his attention with to 

"Ender! Get that beast live!"

[next I think I need leila and hugh to have a strong exit - take a lot of them with them - knowing they have lost]

-----

[TODO - do I want to move this scene after a couple people are taken out?]

Ender stood there silently and watched, fuming, as the two workers failed to bring Bai Bombah to life.  He heard the traffic, knew that his friends were dying.  But he had to focus.  He couldn't work this machine out himself.  Slowly, much too slowly, he worked out the dynamics between the two hapless techs.  Once Ender realized that the senior tech had no idea what he was doing, he immediately saw an opportunity.  

Bullet impacts gave the peizo-layer in his armor energy.  Not a lot of electrical energy, but it had a special feature.  The stored peizo-armor energy was available to discharge through any conductive portion of his exoskeleton.  Ender had never had the opportunity to use that feature of his suit before.

He discharged the electricity stored in his armors piezo-layer through two fingers of his left gauntlet.  Those fingers happened to be pointing at the senior tech's head.  They sent a lightning bolt into the senior tech, who spasmed, groaned, and passed out.

<Satisfying>, Ender thought.  

The junior tech took one frightened look back at Ender, and, uninhibited by an incompetent manager, began solving the problem of re-enabling Bai Bombahs controls.

---------------
ARCANE STANDING OVER DAVE
---------------

Arcane SubNet [IPV6 NET]:THIS ONE WILL LIVE, MASTER.

Arcane SubNet [IPV6 NET]: Well, then, it will  have to do.  Bring it.

[That could be a decision just prior to dave being saved (sort of) by one of the ambulances that rodriguez frees up.]

---------------
LIZA MAKES A DECISION, ENDER RELEASES ALL OF BAI BOMBAHS WEAPONS, POWER PLANT GOES UP.   
---------------

[Liza is a mom.  She sees the rest of the Exocorps wink out.  She makes a practical decision to swap out of her exoskeleton and extraskin with a dead body, inject herself, and lie down with the rest of the injured.  The Arcane come in and behead the body in the EX-1, then leave.]

[Ender maintains link to Dave.  He is there with the AA techs.  They can't figure out how to get Bai Bombah to target the Arcane.  He hears everything in his implants. He overrides the extraskin computer by crushing a critical component with a knife.  He figures it out, and fires everything bai bombah has, blowing arcane fliers to bits.]

[The remaining bits of fliers target the power plant, self destructing below Bai Bombah.  It all goes up in a fireball.]

---------------
Could have Quin from the human resources article drop out of VR at this point, exhausted, and communicate with Che.  She sees the scene.  The epilogue is her research bot scrolling information aside the scene in 2D.

FIRE AND EXPLOSIONS ACROSS THE CITY - CITY AMBULANCES ARE RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND AS DAVES LIMP UPPER BODY CARRIED OFF - A Predator 77 arrives, calmly melting anything not an ambulance or civilian.  EPILOGUE
---------------
