
[consider making Charles get the message out, bringing in the predator 77 or something.  I just like the idea of the skinny accountant with glasses getting involved in the international intrigue, and becoming the hidden "wildcard" pain the ass of Bob and the Arcane - perhaps helping Rodriguez gain access to government systems.]

A battle was raging outside.  

Charles Mbutu huddled, hands over his head, pressing himself into the corner of the room where the simcrete floor met the walls.  He was breathing at a million miles an hour. Sweat poured down his forehead.  He couldn't tell how hard his knees, elbows, and forehead were pressed against the walls, or for how long.  In reality, he been in that position for the longest two minutes of his life.  

He reached a few fingers up to see if he could still feel the pillows he had layered on top of himself.  They were still there.

"For all the good they will do", he thought to himself.  

Only a few days earlier he had witnessed with his own eyes as the invasion began.

Explosions rocked the air.  All communications went down.  People went crazy.  People who hadn't used their natural eyes for days took to rooftops to see if they could communicate.

Three people had run into his office building.  In the windowed lobby, they told a panicked and terrifying story of the outside world.  

"Invisible weapons" were spreading throughout the city, they had warned them.  "The invaders cut off all traffic on George Bush III Loop, they said.  The monorails were down."

People standing on rooftops watched as cars ground to a halt, or caught fire.  People leaving their cars developed wounds, and littered the street with their bleeding bodies.  Armored fire and police units suffered the same fate.  The people on rooftops were seen to fall on their faces, dead.

As soon as they had relayed this story, the city-wide alert system had rung out and told everyone to stay indoors.  They announced lockdown procedures for all government buildings.

Many of Charles co-workers ran into the street.  Some of them stopped a car and piled in, leaving for god knows where.  Others ran out of sight of the lobby on foot.

They had begged him to come, but Charles couldn't bring himself to leave the building.  He returned through the lobby and took refuge in a small conference room on the first floor.  

There he sat for hours, slumped in the corner, his back against the wall, alone.  

Charles was an accountant/analyst for the Kouatak hedge fund.  It was his business to know this.  Kouatak consulted with the government of Sierra Leone, providing them with privileged financial information and analysis.  This gave Charles access to databases, systems, and knowledge that few in Sierra Leone posessed.

Charles realized almost immediately, once he had a moment away from his panicked co-workers, that Nigeria would have no compunction about bombing the city.  They might send a few robots down the highway first, but when they melted like the other armored units, the bombing would begin.

Nigerian armories had no other practical source of the materials refined in Makeni.  Whoever had taken over this city was shutting down 30% of the Nigerian economy.  The Nigerians would bomb everything, with the exception of the factories and the power stations, if it would allow them to resume their supply.  They might even take over the entire country, possibly for good.

Charles even knew something of the composition of the Nigerian military, because it was his job to simulate their need for materials, as well as the needs of every other network and country in the world.  He could name the bombs that would be used.  If he had net access, he could work out how many Sierra Leone fighters would be shot down during the operation, and how much material could be sold to each government and network involved to replace and enhance their armies.

Then he heard explosions outside his building.  Maybe even in the building, floors above him.  He heard glass and concrete shattering.  The building trembled.  He grabbed the blankets and cushions that were available to him, and cowered.


