
Epilogue and intro to next book.  Makes sense if Manny was part of the Arcane interview, and knew too much - perhaps was encoded with some information - a key of sorts.

[This is about a guy running for his life, scared to death, from his former employer, a DAO.  He gets saved by something or other, maybe a new organization.]

The Delares decision network was formed by a smart contract, or Distributed Autonomous Organization.  It was a pure profit motive sales organization at first: Salespeople would contract with it, negotiate the best deals they could with various other humans, and receive beneifts and salary while feeding it.  It had a consensus-driven board of directors.  For all intents and purposes, it was the model DAO that everyone taught in MBA programs 20 years ago.  It participated in insurance programs with other DAOs rated AAAA or higher only.  It was modeled to give modest amounts of money to it's nearest neighbors and organizations that needed to be "bought off".  

Manny worked at Delares in the old days, for fifteen years.  On top of his UBI (universal basic income), he made enough to pay rent in his parents neighborhood, where rents had increased 100 fold over the years Manny had been alive so far.  

Delares already had 234,000 subcontracts attached to it.  Manny often wondered if the only reason any humans served Delares was to talk to other humans.  He certainly couldn't understand what his life savings were worth anything.  Not that he chose to work here, anyway. 

[Manny screws up, he gets in trouble with Delares.  He runs.  She ultimately catches him.]

[Manny says the most intelligent thing he can think of to say to Delares.

"Come on, now.  Tell me something interesting.", Delares said.

[A rising star, perhaps, saves manny, and takes him with her. Perhaps manny knows too much. Her refueler drops out of the sky and crushes the bot questioning manny, and the tts on the refueler tells him to get aboard if you want to live.  Manny hesitates.  Please?  Don't make the human chase you, you wouldn't like that at all.  They fly off.]
